Estrid: *eyes open slowly and notice I'm cuddling you in bed. Always a good start 
to the day. I stroke your back, and kiss your neck, as you slowly wake* Good 
morning love! Nice to see you feel me well even in sleep. I'm here to drive today.

Jordi: *somewhat sleepily* Sure, that's what we agreed on this morning in physical 
space. Go right on ahead.

Estrid: I can tell you are ill at ease. Just be patient and let me know what you 
are feeling. However we have to do this stuff anyway so let's get cracking!





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































