Gwennie: Okay! Ready to start our pipeline?

Jordi: Yuppers! :) Job Description is: "Duties
WHAT IS THE LBI - LARGE BUSINESS AND INTERNATIONALDIVISION?

"A description of the business units can be found at: https://www.jobs.irs.gov/about/who/business-divisions

Vacancies will be filled in the following specialty areas:
Large Business and International Director Pass Thru Entities Global High Wealth

The following are the duties of this position at the full working level. If this vacancy includes more than one grade and you are selected at a lower grade level, you will have the opportunity to learn to perform these duties and receive training to help you grow in this position.

Responsible for a segment or phase of an examination as assigned by the team coordinator or team manager which will serve as an integral part in completing and closing the examination. This involves searching, locating, and documenting specific information from the taxpayer's books and records.
Documents the facts and evidence obtained to ensure that appropriate information are available for the team coordinator or team member to reach a sound conclusion.
Conducts technical, industry, market and IRM research for the team manager, team coordinator, and team members.
Inputs information to update and retrieve case and related status and information using database systems such as the Coordinated Examination Management Information System (CEMIS), the Examination Return Control System (ERCS), the Audit Information Management System (AIMS) and/or the International Case Management System (ICMS).
Extracts and analyzes pertinent statistics or information concerning Coordinated Industry Cases (CIC) and Industry Cases (IC) using CEMIS, ERCS and ICMS. Provides input to update monitoring systems used in support of Industry and Division Strategic Business Plans and Balanced Measures goals and objectives."

Jordi: That's from the public website on usajobs.gov.

Specialized experience is "  You must have 1 year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-05 grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience for this position includes: Experience that is related to the work of this position and has provided you with the competencies required for successful job performance. Examples of experience qualifying as specialized include: preparing, receiving, reviewing, and verifying documents; processing transactions; maintaining office records; and locating and compiling data or information from files and other data sources; processing a variety of tax returns and reports; examining tax returns and supporting documents for current and prior year and amended returns; and contacting customers through correspondence or telephone to obtain information, explain liability, and encourage compliance."

add the following: "I established my own priorities to manage my workload."

" I completed three or more assignments simultaneously."

"A. Entered data into an Excel spreadsheet
B. Used Office Communicator System (OCS) to participate in virtual meetings
C. Assisted in creating presentations in PowerPoint
D. Converted Word documents into Protected Data File (PDF) format using Adobe"

"A. Created templates in Excel
B. Used existing formulas to perform computations in Excel
C. Used Office Communicator System (OCS) to participate in virtual meetings
D. Created presentations in PowerPoint
E. Created forms using Adobe Acrobat"

"A. I have assisted in conducting training for coworkers.
B. I have assisted in the creation of job aids.
C. I have assisted coworkers in the completion of their task(s)."

"A. I have conducted a training session for coworkers.
B. I have created job aids.
C. I have created training materials.
D. I have mentored employees.
E. I have provided expertise on technical issues or administrative procedures."

" Single Entry Time Reporting (SETR) System"

"Employee User Portal (EUP)"

"A. Ordered office supplies
B. Entered and reconciled Agent Input Document (i.e., Form 4502)
C. Printed reports (e.g., Audit Information Management System [AIMS], ERCS)
D. Worked reports (e.g., reconciled, analyzed, updated) in the Audit Information Management System (AIMS), ERCS, or IBMIS
E. Sent faxes to customers
F. Scanned documents to email
G. Mailed letters or packages in compliance with Personally Identifiable Information (PII) policy
H. Saved case documents to external media (e.g., CD, flash drive, hard drive)"

"A. Scheduled a meeting or conference call
B. Provided input on the content of an agenda to be discussed in a meeting or conference call
C. Identified problems or concerns affecting employees (e.g., malfunctioning equipment, case closing issues)
D. Made recommendations to resolve problems or concerns affecting employees (e.g., malfunctioning equipment, case closing issues)
E. Identified Points of Contact (POCs) within Business Operating Divisions (BODs)"

"A. Coordinated arrangements for a meeting or a conference call
B. Provided input on the content of an agenda to be discussed in a meeting or conference call
C. Shared information or provided updates to coworkers at meetings
D. Made recommendations to resolve problems or concerns affecting employees (e.g., malfunctioning equipment, case closing issues)
E. Identified Points of Contact (POCs) within Business Operating Divisions (BODs)
F. Monitored status of case closings to identify trends"

"
Which of the following have you used to conduct research?
A. Internal Revenue Manual (IRM)
C. Document 6209 IRS Processing Codes and Information
D. Integrated Data Retrieval System (IDRS)"

"Which of the following analyses have you performed?
A. Compliance check (i.e., verify returns were filed)"

".
Which of the following analyses have you performed?
A. Compliance check (i.e., verify returns were filed)
B. Comparative analysis of multi tax year data
C. Transcript analysis"

Hi Ellie. Please fold in the above facts into the last quoted segment of this resume in a seamless way. Do this for business speech accuracy and readability so someone can make sure that the facts are easily found and corresponded into a database system that is checking for them. Remove the letters like "A." etc from the above: those are merely for readability in multiple choice questions.

"John Haggerty
2650 Jefferson Ave apt 10
Ogden, Utah 84401
Email: jpcookie@gmail.com
Phone: 801.784.0296
Skype: jpcookievoip
US Citizen

Skills:
- Completes multiple projects simultaneously.
- Produces communications/letters and other correspondence for classified and unclassified situations for both internal/external customers with a variety of high volume KANA, Sitemax, Liveperson.
- Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Publisher, Access). Familiarity and use in statistical functions, time series analysis, SQL, C++, Java, Pascal, Javascript, and UML.
- Familiarity and use of data for drafting, amending, data mining, and tracking client data of interest.
- Providing presentations of data, conference calls, meetings, and reports. Trained in ITIL process.

Education:
- Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science (ongoing)
  Weber State University
- Associate's Degree in General Studies
  Salt Lake Community College, May 2001

Employment Experience:

IRS
Payment Perfection Unit
September 2019 - Present
- Analysis of taxpayer correspondence.
- Research via IDRS of relevant tax modules and collections status.
- SERP analysis of transaction codes, MFTs, status codes.
- ISRP OE of perfected intent for payment instruments.
- Research of error conditions and status codes for out of bounds situations.

IRS
Data Transcription
January 2019 - September 2019
- Analysis and evaluation of tax forms.
- Transcription of key numbers from forms into ISRP.
- Resolution of errors encountered in incorrect conditions.
- Knowledge of Name Controls for IMF/BMF forms.
- Address checks for forms.
- Code and Edit citations.
- Forms 1040/990ez/1120s/2290/5550.

Aperture Labs
April 2018 - December 2018
Client needed a system to organize team-building plans for new onboarders.

Goldman Sachs: Client Response Services Contract
July 2018 - October 2018
- Used technical experience and systems to resolve client requirements on 6 continents.
- Communicated amongst 300+ teams internally and external vendors.
- Created new and more accurate documentation for continuous improvement with Kaizen.
- Supported turnkey and developer-built systems in support of requirements.
- Used knowledge of programmatic algorithms and support for developer and end-user requests.
- Supported MS Office macros and com objects developed in-house and offered through vendors.
- Supported Jira and Sharepoint systems.
- SQL support and debugging of user jobs.
- Backup Admin.
- Linux Admin RHEL/Debian/CentOS/Ubuntu.

ASM Research
Salt Lake City, UT
July 2017 - March 2018
- Used technical abilities on classified and unclassified information/systems to resolve issues and challenges to exceed expectations.
- Received Position of High Public Trust with the federal government as part of the Veterans Affairs Administration.
- Supported >100,000 users at peak times as well as on-call status.
- Troubleshot 4500 systems in combinations in a mixed healthcare/support services environment.
- Supported Jira and Sharepoint systems.
- SQL support and debugging of user jobs.
- Backup Admin.
- Linux Admin RHEL/Debian/CentOS/Ubuntu.

H&R Block Technical Support Services
Ogden, UT
September 2016 - April 2017
(End of Financial Season)
- Tier 1, 1.5 escalations for issues that couldn't be addressed in-office.

Responsible for ~25,000+ computer units that needed to be part of active operations to meet targeted needs of operations.
Responsible for triage of multiple issues for the root cause of the issue, gave fast and accurate service ending in the top fourth of the operating team.
Responsible for dispatch operations against 5,000+ offices in the US and worldwide for corporate and franchise locations.
SQL support and debugging of user jobs.
Backup Admin.
Linux Admin RHEL/Debian/CentOS/Ubuntu.
The Home Depot Contact Center
Ogden, UT
August 2012 - March 2017

Technical Services Chat Representative:
Addressed multiple customers via computer chat.
Trained in cart and Canada chat.
Trained in Phones, Chat, and Email as well as Shopping Cart Chat, Appliance Cart Chat, Customer Service Chat, and Canada Chat.
Email Representative - Website Feedback:
Addressed customer concerns both pre and post order.
Assisted in reporting to specialty departments to resolve website/system issues.
SQL support and debugging of user jobs.
Backup Admin.
Linux Admin RHEL/Debian/CentOS/Ubuntu.
AT&T Emerging Devices Reseller Operations
Ogden, UT
June 2009 - Aug. 2012

Technical Support Tier II:
Troubleshoot cellular devices that connect to the GSM network.
Tracked information, escalations, feedback, and classifications using Excel/Programming languages to track quality monitors as well as other trending data.
Created Technical root cause analysis documents for action plans for the department.
Sprint/Nextel-Teleperformance USA
Salt Lake City, UT
Oct. 2007 - April 2009

SME/Escalations/Quality Assurance:
Audited financial adjustment against unnecessary expenditure.
Ran quality assurance monitors, coaching, and developmental opportunity reports.
Used call recording software to identify specific issues and trends.
Used Excel to track Avaya data to obtain service level percentages.
Private Consulting Work
Ogden, UT
April. 2009 - Present

Technical Writing/Business Case Study Analysis:
Offer technical writing to solve client tech issues.
Work with mobile platforms, desktop, servers based on an evolving relationship with the consumer.
Maintenance of knowledge store and used project cycles to add new information based on previous projects.
Recommendations provided upon request.

Knowledge of management techniques, methods, theories, principles, and labor relations concepts, to assure optimum utilization of personnel, equipment, and space for the accomplishment of all program objectives. Knowledge of records management procedures and manuals to control, protect, and properly dispose of filed material. Knowledge of basic mathematics and analytical skills to analyze productivity and quality within the unit and identify workplace improvements. Analytical ability, and knowledge of the organizational functions, processes, and principles of management. Ability to evaluate, gather, and accumulate data accurately and recommend changes in the programs to more effectively improve program objectives and goals. Knowledge of oral and written communication techniques and methods to resolve problems, issues, or questions relating to the work. Knowledge of basic safety and security principles.


"















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































