What cars should you never buy?
I’ll tell you my opinion.

No Mercedes AMG, No BMW Mseries or M Performance engine, No Audi Sseries, No Range Rover, John Cooper Works, Abarth, No modified vehicle…all with over 100,000 miles and 20+ yrs old.
No plastic Nissan such as the Kicks.
Hummer is straight garbage.
Nissan Leaf sucks.
Any Mitsubishi.
Vehicles that don’t feel mechanically sound when test driving, inspecting, and questioning.
No lifted truck with rusted parts
No truck with EchoTec Engine. SMG tranny sucks.
No vehicle with a salvage title, over 4 owners, has airbags deployed, frame damage, insurance claims, theft report…in the history report.
No vehicle that has dirty oil when looking to buy. Careless owner. Careless car.
No vehicle that shows low miles last reported on CARFAX or AUTOCHECK. Very highly the miles are rolled back since they were last reported low.
Now some of these may be hidden gems, but better safe than sorry. Also, some people search for everything I listed because they can apply their own creativity or simply don’t care and want what they want.

Oh…and any SUV or truck that isn’t 4X4 or AWD. If it’s an Audi, make sure it’s Quattro. BMW X-Line. Any truck and SUV should be 4X4. Better to have it and not need it than need it and not have it.

.

Why don’t we hear about Microsoft as a big player anymore?
Because they aren't marketing to you anymore. Even 5 years ago Microsoft was very much a business-to-consumer company, as well as business-to-business. They had everything from Windows Phone to Microsoft Band targeted at consumers. However, since Satya Nadella became CEO in 2014, Microsoft has refocused its efforts on cloud services targeted at businesses and reduced the importance of consumer products. While it hasn't abandoned the consumer markets entirely, they are not its primary or strategic focus. For example, Microsoft Azure is the #2 cloud platform, behind AWS, and growing quickly. Microsoft retains its lock on enterprise email (Exchange), identity (Active Directory), and productivity (Office), and has successfully migrated all those businesses to the cloud era. So while consumers may not be hearing much from them these days, it's not because they aren't still relevant, it's because they have shifted focus from consumers to business.

Also you must not play much Xbox. :)

If the universe is 13 billion years old, then why aren’t there aliens everywhere?
My favorite solution to the Fermi Paradox is the Early Bird hypothesis. People who wait for a Star Trek galaxy should be happy around the year 30 billion (we’re at 13.7).

Our distant, post-human descendants, who will terraform and spread life across a (until then mostly sterile) galaxy, will be the legendary grandfathers from the dawn of time.

The universe is only three times older than the solar system, a third-generation star. The first generation could have no life because there were no ‘metals’, anything not the hydrogen or helium that the universe already ‘came with’. Among second-generation stars perhaps a few had a high enough ‘metal’ content for life by coincidence, but you need large numbers for the low-probability random abiogenisis processes to unfold. So while there could have been life, maybe even civilization, on earlier stars, and of course star generations times vary wildly, as big stars have very fast lives and make the most heavy metals anyhow… the important elements for life - carbon, oxygen, nitrogen, silicon - are produced in sun-like stars which do have slow lives, so we are indeed among the first viable stellar generations. The trend will be more life evolves as time goes by and metallicity increases.

It’s to be expected that civilizations are still rare, and far between, in the galaxy - and will tend to form more in the future, merely on grounds of metallicity. But probably a lot of this future life will be seeded. Habitable conditions seem quite rare - far rarer than we expected. Our distant descendants, over the next few tens of millions of years and clearly post-human, will have the task of terraforming into habitability, and then seeding life, across the galaxy.

They, in turn, will become the “legendary grandfathers from the dawn of time” who seeded life across the galaxy - and the universe at that point will still be in its infancy.

The universe will last at least a trillion years, and we’re still 0013/1000 into that, and our descendants’ work should be done by 0014 or 0015. Man starting to colonize space is like the Tiktaalik, the first fish to walk on land. It’s not your nation or nations, it’s not even mankind: here we represent all life from Earth stepping into a grand new field. It could be another species in the future, if we ever blow it yet vertebrate life survives. If we destroy ourselves over greed and spite, perhaps the bonobos, meerkats, crows or cuttlefish will evolve in our stead (but let’s not need them to).

We have a mission, and an amazing future; provided we do our homework and don’t screw up, the best is yet to come.

We are still at the very beginning of the story.

Is it true that in 1977 we received a radio signal from space that lasted 72 seconds and up till this day we don’t know where it came from?
You’re talking about the Wow! signal.

Wow! signal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wow!_signal
Yes, it’s true. On 15 August 1977, Ohio State University’s Big Ear telescope detected a 72-second-long narrowband radio signal. The signal was discovered a few days later by astronomer Jerry Ehman who was reviewing the data from the telescope. He circled the anomalous data and wrote the word “Wow!” in red pen, hence the name of the signal.

Although hypotheses abound, nobody knows exactly what caused the Wow! signal. Many have suggested that it was artificial in origin (i.e. from an extraterrestrial intelligence), but there was no apparent modulation in the signal; in other words, if it was a radio message from another civilization, it did not appear to encode any information. Also, the signal never repeated itself.

Natural origins have also been proposed, but none of them are entirely satisfactory, as they rely on phenomena that are unlikely to have occurred in such a way as to produce the Wow! signal.

Bottom line: we don’t know what caused the Wow! signal, and we may never know. We don’t know if it came from deep space, from somewhere inside the solar system, or even from inside Earth’s atmosphere. I’m sure people will continue to speculate, but for now, we don’t have a good answer.

FUTURISM
12. 15. 14 by JOLENE CREIGHTON
Abiogenesis: A Theory on The Origins of Life
/ Hard Science




The origin of life is one of the biggest mysteries in science (Credit: Jenny Mottar)
The origin of life is one of the biggest mysteries in science (Credit: Jenny Mottar)
By now, we all know how evolution works. At least, most of us have a basic understanding of how it functions. At its most fundamental level, evolution is change over time. More specifically, it is changes within a biological population over successive generations.

Ultimately, biological complexity is one of the most important things to come out of evolution. Things started simple. Then genes mutated, cells interacted with their environment, mitochondria stopped being living organisms and started being part of a cell and—Tada—complex life.

So we know where the complexity and diversity of life came from. We have elephants, and snakes, HIV, and the tardigrade because of evolution. That theory is set. But we don't know where itself life came from. We don't understand the start of it all—abiogenesis.

Abiogenesis is the origin of life from non-living matter. And it has been a burning question for some time (since long before Darwin came up with the Theory of Evolution). But there may be an answer looming on the horizon. And this answer is surprisingly simple: Life is inevitable.

In a number of papers, physicists have argued that the occurrence of life is a matter of inevitability, and they have a sound formula to support their claims. The new(ish) models that physicists have come up with are formulated on previously established theories in physics, and they conclude that matter will generally develop into systems that, when “driven by an external source of energy” and “surrounded by a heat bath,” become increasingly efficient at dissipating energy.

This sounds a little tricky, so let's break it down.

In order to understand the theory, you need to understand the second law of thermodynamics, also known as the law of increasing entropy or the “arrow of time.” The second law states, "The entropy of an isolated system not in equilibrium will tend to increase over time, approaching a maximum value at equilibrium."

To put it very bluntly, entropy means that things fall apart. Hot things cool off, gas will diffuse through air, a house crumbles but does not instantaneously add on a new kitchen. Thus, as previously stated, things fall apart; they spread out; energy tends to diffuse as time progresses. Entropy is basically a measure of this tendency.

It is measuring how dispersed the energy is among the particles in a system, and how diffuse those particles are throughout space.

This system is pretty disordered, therefore higher entropy. (Credit: Greg L.)
We know that, on the whole, entropy always increases (that things spread apart) because of a simple matter of probability: There are more ways for energy to be spread out than for it to be concentrated. Thus, as particles in a system move around and interact, they will, through sheer chance, tend to adopt configurations in which the energy is spread out.

This is where the formula comes in. MIT physicist Jeremy England  explains, "We can show very simply from the formula that the more likely evolutionary outcomes are going to be the ones that absorbed and dissipated more energy from the environment’s external drives on the way to getting there [for example, think about how the overall entropy of the universe increases during photosynthesis as the sunlight dissipates].

This means clumps of atoms surrounded by a bath at some temperature, like the atmosphere or the ocean, should tend over time to arrange themselves to resonate better and better with the sources of mechanical, electromagnetic or chemical work in their environments.”

Self-replication (or reproduction, in biological terms), the process that drives the evolution of life on Earth, is one such mechanism by which a system might dissipate an increasing amount of energy over time. As England put it, “A great way of dissipating more is to make more copies of yourself.”

Some would argue that there is no principle that entropy must be efficient. Yet, work has already been done in this area. Ilya Prigogine, a prominent Belgian physical chemist who is known for his work on dissipative structures, observed that under a generalized chemical potential, we see that material self-organizes into systems which augment the dissipation of that potential.

Moreover, Karo Michaelian, from the Department of Experimental Physics at UNAM, hypothesizes in a paper, "RNA and DNA are the most efficient of all known molecules for absorbing the intense ultraviolet light that penetrated the dense early atmosphere and are remarkably rapid in transforming this light into heat in the presence of liquid water. From this perspective, the origin and evolution of life, inseparable from water and the water cycle, can be understood as resulting from the natural thermodynamic imperative of increasing the entropy production of the Earth in its interaction with its solar environment."

Notably, at this point, the ideas are highly speculative. However, don't read the last sentence and assume that it means that the ideas are unscientific or baseless conjecture (please, read the linked articles for more information on these theories). Moreover, the theoretical results are (hereto) considered valid. The interpretation is where some think the speculation is rather high (the  interpretation is the assertion that his formula represents the driving force behind the formation of life).  Yet,  there are already ideas about how we might test this in a lab.

You can see the formula here, or learn more about these ideas in the video below:

Additionally, you should take a few moments out of your day to pour through Michaelian's research by clicking here.


SHARE THIS ARTICLE



READ THIS NEXT
DO THE WORM
Researchers Say They've Come Up With a Blueprint for Creating a Wormhole in a Lab
SUPERCONDUCTORS
Researchers Say They've Created Superconductors At Room Temperature
QUANTUM TIME MACHINE
Scientists Say They Can Reverse Time in a Quantum System
FUTURISM
Aliens May Be Creating Black Holes to Store Quantum Information, Scientists Say
WARPED TOUR
Professor Believes Door to Warp Drive May Lie With Ethylene Glycol
MORE ON HARD SCIENCE
HISTORIC TRIP
APR 8 on THE BYTE
Scientists Discover That Ancient Humans Were Tripping Balls in a Cave
STEALING SQUID SKIN
APR 2 on THE BYTE
Scientists Engineer Human Cells to Have the Camouflage Ability of Squids
JURASSIC WORLD: SEDUCTION CLAWS
MAR 17 on THE BYTE
Brutal-Looking “Edward Scissorhands on Speed” Dinosaur Was Just Showing Off, Scientists Conclude
READ MORE STORIES ABOUT / HARD SCIENCE
KEEP UP.
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR DAILY NEWSLETTER TO KEEP IN TOUCH WITH THE SUBJECTS SHAPING OUR FUTURE.
ENTER YOUR EMAIL
I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its User Agreement and Privacy Policy

Subscribe
+Social
+Newsletter
Topics
About Us
Contact Us
Cookies Settings
Copyright ©, Camden Media Inc All Rights Reserved. See our User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Data Use Policy. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Futurism. Articles may contain affiliate links which enable us to share in the revenue of any purchases made.

https://futurism.com/abiogenesis-theory-origins-life

Jordan: Okay girls so apparently "the man" is wasting their time here today so they can monitor the shitty
reject documents that we are doing. I'm going to have to probably keep things on the dl for now. Any requests?

Kani: Yeah, I'm happy this morning mom we got this!

Gwen: Good for you babe! I can tell you are getting the hang of this. After a while it will just get easier
and easier using Obsidian. we can take care of this and make sure that it's not going to be your issue. 

It also starts to feel like you are picking a fight with people: that has to stop.

Jordan: And I literally won't lie: I am pissed as fuck at them. I don't want to take any more of this garbage
treatment for my opinions. I basically got hardcore threatened when I wanted to even mildly stand up for getting
more infomration on why I had to deface documents with the pen directly. In the end it was "because I said so"
I haven't got that kind of reaction from a male supervisor since Rodney David Scott. I hate even writing that
man's name anymore.

I can't stand when I have to hear that people are doing things without even trying to give an explanation.
That is how people are treated like children. Yes there is a reason, and yes you *can* tell me. I'm an adult
I work here. Stop being a bastard and just tell me. if I have to make myself uncomfortable then by all means 
I want to have a good reason why you are forcing this.

I know rudeness and anger comes from a core of, or reaction to, pain. Emotional in this case. Physical sometimes
at this point yeah I'm annoyed. I literally pissed away my entire evening doing those clothes. I'm lucky as 
hell that I was able to even get that level that I could directly complain about doing what was already some-
-thing that I was working on: without major interruption in the process. Zellie kept my non-corporeal romantic
company and I thought it was just dandy. She was very emotive and descriptive. I need to do what I do with 
Selora. I just need to have time. When I can't even finish a plate of food and or a show on tv because I'm
doing nonsense to get ready for work the next day: I feel very violated in the sense that I need to be able to 
have a life and work too. 

"Work life balance" isn't here when I have to work harder at getting to work than working at work. 

I literally don't keep myself as fancy as this as I do when I am at work. Maybe that's an indightment of my
inability to "love myself" or "give self care" but I am definately doing these things. The main issue of why
I don't do that is the same reason why I don't do much when handling stuff with this not at all attractive 
option of "working from home" or "spending more time with my family" those are two terrible options and it's
been the case for a long long time.

I am not with my parents any more and I'm not going to give myself the crappy feelings I did then: but I have
to work on creating the sense that home is a positive generative situation I can live with.

I'm going to do the work on getting that embedded linux stuff looked at. I just have to handle getting that
looked at.

I honestly think the whole stupid fake forensic accounting people are just a sham to make us behave. I  am not
happy at all about being treated like a child. I know I have to stop this feeling from the inside. 

Estrid: The benefit of being moderate little one will be good. Just wait and you will avenge the past and 
conquer the future *gently pulls you into an embrace in the nest* I'm sorry I haven't been here more. It's 
harder when we don't connect. I think we need to work on an avatar. 

Jordan: I feel like that too. 

































































































































































































































































































































