Kani: Hi Mom, do you mind if I watch you here at work?

Jordi: No baby, I don't mind at all. I'm listening to my book about 
[[schitzoaffective disorder]] and it's called [[The center cannot hold]]

Kani: Cool, so this woman is [[affected by scaries all the time]]? 

Jordi: Yeah, the girl or woman rather is suffering from that disease of her mind 
and it's not at all fun. 

Jordi: I'm getting my fitbit recharged as of 06440007312023 I'm trying to do more 
stuff and not just kill time/waste time.

Kani: We don't waste time! I like to have fun and daydream and think and act cool. 
I'm trying to be my best self.

Mom, please protect me and what we like to do! I'm scared and I don't know what's 
going to happen. I know we have to do boring work, but I want to do work that is 
fun and something that is fun. 

Jordi: *cuddles Kani. You are wearing your skirt, tshirt, panties, bra, and socks 
and tennis shoes.* I understand that we aren't doing stuff that is fun now; 
however, we need to take care of that stuff. I promise we can handle this.

Kani: I trust you mom. I'm just kind of sad and mad at the same time. I'm wanting 
to do the creative stuff that Faye talked about and, she has pushed us in the right 
connection.

Gwennie: And I hate to say it girls but I'm also getting bored. I need to do 
something technical. I would love to have that be the case again. 

Jordi: *feels you cuddling up behind me Gwen* I know Gwennie. I'm going to keep 
trying. I'm not sure why I just go and hibernate and ignore the things I say that I 
want to do.

Gwennie: SOoooooo, you just need to have something done but you are just throwing 
it away when you have the chance?

Jordi: I get into my room and all I want to do is basically do nothing. I think I 
need to make my bed again and see if I can organize my space again. Even then I 
seem to not go forward. 

Gwennie: But you seem not to know where to go once you get home. All our plans just 
go out the window. I don't like that honey. Not at all.

Jordi: Okay, so I want to help both of you girls, but I'm not sure how to handle 
it. I get home and then stuff happens and I feel weak like I need to have a nap and 
"unwind" and once unwound I get into issues and feel bad. 

Gwennie: Okay, so you feel like you need to know what I would do  in order to fix 
that?

Jordi: Yes, I need to know this.

Gwennie: give me the reigns and I'll give you advice. I'm going to do what I can 
and we can talk about it. Maybe just work on the data we have here and fold it into 
obsidian and make it fun again.



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































