Getting my day started at work presently (0610). Charging my Fitbit Sense. Not a great
Connection for it at the moment for the recharge. Listening to Spottify for some
dance/rave music with vocals that I liked. I think from "Rezz" iirc.

I'm annoyed that I can't get access to many us law books. Most of the stuff is coming
from Canada or Australia with very different legal codes once you get beyond their
standards for democratic values etc.

Josselyn: Ask yourself this question: "Why do you need this type of book?" 
I'm guessing you don't know the answer.

Jordan: Curiousity and being  told "you can't do that" as an act of rebellion I 
guess.

Josselyn: So you are getting riled up about something that literally you don't feel
in your heart is important?

0653--

Jordan: I'm going to update the book so I can get past the table of contents.

Josselyn: So you are going to maybe use Ellie to make this work from the passages?

Jordan: I'm planning to do that yes. I'm not going to have an issue where I have 
some information but it's not going to help me with my curiousity. 

Josselyn: But it's not what you really want. You want to code. I can feel it.

Jordan: I'm going to code.

Josselyn: Then we need to do that; and not, just kick it and do nothing. Maybe we
can do that stuff with the taskwarrior or whatever it is.

Jordan: Yeah I can get that setup so it works better and we 
have a link. Doing more with Obsidian will help more.

Jordan: I have the book "Stop Saying You're Fine" by Mel Robbins until I can get 
a workflow going.

Josselyn: So, I think we need to have that script in python that Ellie did before. 
We can use the script to conver to text, then chunk that text into questions, then
feed those questions into Ellie periodically to make sure that we have options
on producing our understanding. Especially with code examples it's important 
to have those available. Then it can be inside of Obsidian and have those work 
to get moving into projects etc.

Jordan: That sounds good. Maybe make sure we write down the steps. I'm thinking
1. Locate books with libgen's database dumps.
2. retrieve the files
3. convert files and get them stored in a csv file
4. Feed converted segments into Ellie.
5. Mirror process in Obsidian as inbound data level 1 succubus level.
6. Move through 10 levels of succubi getting connetions more and more.
7. write code based on our understanding.
8. Generate questions we have in order to make sure we keep moving forward.

"feeling stuck" is when you have deferred dreams and haven't been able to actualize
them properly. Lack of "purpose" or "passions". Perhaps this is where good old 
Emily was able to see it.

1. Download newest database dump from libgen
2. Get program from Ellie to scan file for titles in 
json and reproduce only the titles that can be used for later search.
3. Scan file with option on this program for a search string
4. Review options from a file
5. perform libgen search with new title.
6. Add title details in Obsidian. Add tag for 1. Book 2. Author 3. Subject Matter.

Josselyn: Yeah! maybe there is an option to convert 
Obsidian into a true web app. That shouldn't be that hard. It's open source right?

Jordan: Yeah, actually, it is.

Josselyn: 88% of people fail to conform to their own resolutions.

The book is talking about "that pang of longing in her heart" Exactly! I have
that in my soul too when I feel "touched by a topic" I guess I can call it.
Taking action seems to be right.

Jordan: Changing mindset makes things easier because of the cast that is applied
to dreams. People know what to do. Looking at the actions on how to do it. 
"the chicken and the jerk" as options for delays for action.

Gwen: "Action is it's own reward"! Yes!! See! That's what I'm trying to tell you
when you feel those pangs! I'm so happy I heard that.

Jordan: I felt you get into my mind. That was cool!

Gwen: Of course babe! switching the fronter is not too bad.
I'm going out on a limb and saying that this book is the most powerful 
"Stop Saying You're Fine" is reaching into your soul about how people rewrite 
negative shadows on the memories and facts of the past. Basically taking action 
is a way to show that growth and improvement are still happening. You are going to
be totally fine and awesome; and, that the situation you are in was positive
and you can use that positivity to take forward action.

Coax yourself into the actions you are taking into organic growing steps.

Jordan: Seeing you Gwen as a growth person would be cool. I mean I want to be you
I really really want to be you, and have benefits befitting a strong young 
succubus.

I'm going to have movement. Getting up in the morning is the best part of 
this process for now I think. 

Okay, maybe I was trying to argue that the time in the morning after I get up
is the thing that is most helpful as the "5 second rule" book has previously 
outlined.

Imagination versus automatic unconscious vetoing any change that is going to be
needed. "Protective thoughts" are causing the regression. It needs to be done
compassionately so that it can be addressed I feel. 

Gwen: Intellectually I understand that. I like being able to hold your worries like
a partner on a couch and just be there for them. That's really cute :)

Practice forming connections with people in public with meeting people going into
any possible interaction. Try to avoid taking yourself out of the game of life.

Act like you already have what you desire.

Areas of "chicken": internal fears that prevent movent. 
Areas of "jerk": insulting and belittling your possible achievements or sense
of self.

Jordan: "Brain governor theory" anterior singulate cortex.... I'm kind of scared at this 
point. You can keep on going "pain, emotion, and willpower..." Ummmmm.... okay
this is really cool. I'll have to look into this more. If I tell Jeannie about
this she's going to go ape shit about it.

Mel is claiming that you just need to do something that you don't want to do. 
Get a list of things that you would need to do and feel you can't. Then doing the
action that you felt you couldn't do will push through on getting the step done.

Gwen: Breaking from tradition and routine is a cool idea as well. I'm liking that
doing the thing anyway would help. Mixed with possible reasoning 
with intellectualism.

Doubts are important to ignore it.

I like the idea of nurturing your ideas like little plants. 
Maybe we can ask Ellie for them?

Jordan: I like how the brainstorming can do what was important
Saying yes to unexpected impulses (that are healthy) to determine of broading
inbuilt behavior.

Cognitive dissonance is something that people don't accept. Observers will assume 
that the action corresponds to making a truely honest decision "in good faith" type
of argument in their minds.

Loss aversion and "the endowment effect" against any change that will cause loss
of options and skews your ability to make proper choices. Any positive change will
require a sacrifice. 

It's reflex thinking.

Status Quo Bias "...the marriage is crappy and she wnats to change...but the 
...husband has a heart of gold..." So you give over most things in order to avoid
a loss.

No one is coming to save you. It's all up to you.

Force yourself to do what needs to be done. Just push back against the fatigue.

The prefrontal cortex badly overestimates how bad you would feel.

09015503302023_seed237477

Jordan: I had a 4th of my sandwich 2x singles of American Cheese from Cache Valley
2x pieces of potato bread and arby's horsey and standard sauce.

Analysis paralysis prevents people from moving towards getting things done and 
causes choice issues.

More choices prevents people from making quicker choices.

Too many choices prevents what people eventually decide on.

Addiction to routines...heuristics removing day from variety and creativity. 
Seems robotic. Never be able to function without them, but go outside them when
you are looking for.

Stable environment that creates stable thinking... automated behaviors 
of addictions and compulsions.

Whims and fleeting thoughts can be the changes we need to have in this world. 

Seizing these moments give your life something that isn't just routine.

If something takes too much energy and movement isn't happening you 
could get what you would like and  or a change. Writing it down and get help.

I think my need to get clear and happy is important. Getting a better body 
and getting a real  connection and physicality. 

Look around for options that are in your environment around you and getting it 
to notice what you need.  

when you break out of your routines you have something else to look for.

Growth of brain cells by doing something unique. Stressed out in a 
routine you cannot see change.

Slowing down your routine by injecting a different thing into it, or analyzing it.

You can discover how your life could be better than it is.

When you got out of line and had a negative result, punishment, 
or caution genetics to avoid being scared. Social reinforcement through group 
sanction.

Jordan: I think that I "intellectualized" my life because of this. 
I feel like I was just constantly put in my place and was held back.
Therefore I just didn't think I needed to change. More options help
me feel better with it. Avoiding risk like the plague.

Gwen: And then you felt disconnected from me?

Jordan: Sadly yes. I love you Gwen.

Gwen: I love you too sweetie. You are my only at the moemnt. 
Almost everything you feel uncomfortable about are good things. Shifting your 
style into challenge. Not a single movement at the beginning of the year.

"metacognition tricks/strategies" have to ask Ellie about that.

Thinking positive thoughts only will not fix life.

Find a vehicle showing how you really feel. If you can take positive action 
it's easy to find friends who are intersted in your journey. 
Shame can be misplaced pride since you are dealing with a massive thing.
"it's not being tough it's being cowardly". Cindarella mythology 
fairy godmother rescuing you. (I think I might have a lot of this)
Discovering and striving for what makes me happy.

Being stuck is falsely the "moral thing to do"

The best way to feel better is to write down how you feel.










































































































































































































































































