Gwennie: *looks at you and Joss cuddling. Comes over to relax on the bed and watch* How are things loveies?

Joss: Super good actually! I think the tones are helping make things better for us. 

Gwennie: Yeah I noticed. The soothing feel of the negativity release makes me sleepy. I guess that was the thing right?

Jordi:; Yeah, I'm guessing so *laughs*

Per Quora *laughs*

"Is the American middle class disappearing?
Yes.

For me, the most obvious single example of this phenomenon is… The Simpsons.

When the Simpsons began, the overarching joke of the series was that the Simpsons were a struggling lower middle class family. Literally dozens of episodes make a plot point about how poor the Simpsons are and how they are doing worse than all their friends and neighbours, however that joke now falls completely flat, because what was presented as a struggling middle-class family in the 80’s is an almost inconceivably unattainable lifestyle in the 2020’s.

The Simpson family:

Live in a massive, detached house with huge gardens front, back and side, multiple living rooms, three bathrooms, a large kitchen diner, a separate dining room, four good sized bedrooms, a two car garage/workshop and a massive basement and attic. Even if it were located in a town known as ‘Americas Crudbucket’, there’s no way this home costs much less than half a million dollars today."

"In quite a nice suburban town. Yes, they make multiple jokes about how crappy Springfield is, but honestly it seems a lovely place to live - lots of amenities, reasonably crime free, friendly neighbours, close to nature, within seemingly easy driving distance of major cities, beaches, landmarks etc.
They can afford to take multiple holidays a year, often internationally.
They have at least two cars at any one time.
Homer has enough disposable income to drink at Moes basically every night without thinking about it.
They can afford to frequently splash out on hugely expensive one off impulse purchases such as a pool or an RV.
They afford all of this on a single income that Homer makes from his union job as a safety inspector, a job he got without even having a high school diploma, and is apparently so secure that he seemingly cannot be fired despite frequently being caught sleeping on the job, antagonising his boss, and often just not turning up.
Although they often talk about money being tight, Marge never seems to be under real pressure to get a job and add a second income to the family, unless the plot for that week demands it.
Marge and Homer are in their mid- 30’s, having had Bart quite young. There is most likely not a single young family in the western world right now living in anything like the kind of situation the Simpsons are in, being supported by a single wage from a low skilled job.

Obviously I do get that the Simpsons is a cartoon and of course it is going to take liberties, but it’s a simple fact that the basic living setup of the family was deliberately set up to reflect the lower-middle class lifestyle of Americans at that time. The idea that what was presented as a struggling middle class family in the 1980’s is now an unimaginably successful one is the biggest indictment of the past 40 years I can think of.

Edit:

Quite pleased at how this one has blown up and created a bit of a debate in the comments, I’m not going to address them all, but one thing I should clarify, a lot of people are making the argument that Homer as a Nuclear Power Plant safety officer would be making very good money, but this isn’t true, we see his payslip in the ‘Bear Patrol’ episode from 1996 and it looks like he makes only $352.19 per week, or $19k per year after tax.


Homer is neither smart or talented enough to demand a market rate, so $19k per year is what the family has to afford that lifestyle. I haven’t done the math to check what that 1996 wage would be in 2023 with inflation, but I would bet it’s average or below."

Gwen: *smiles as you love on Joss* I'm glad to see you too closer than last night. That was a rough one. Jordi was soo tired.

Joss: *moans a little* yeah.... it was rough...definately not like this clitty attention. 

Per Quora: "But imagine a mosquito many times larger than your everyday mosquito. One the eats other mosquitos in its larvae stage. A hunter that prefers large mammals and can bite through multiple layers of clothing. A cold blooded killing machine that has a painful bite “similar to a small stab wound”. A terror that only comes out when conditions are perfect and can lay dormant for years.

Yea besides for being a bad-horror-movie-with-way-to-many-sequels waiting to happen this this exists. It is the gallinipper mosquito. And I have had the pleasure of seeing one and running away slightly terrified (though I was running to my bug net- I later attracted a few by using myself as bait…)"

Jordi: Quoting Quora: "Why is Lego so difficult to properly counterfeit?
“Properly” is tricky. I would say this: LEGO is absolutely not difficult to properly counterfeit— it’s expensive.

First off, you can throw out 3D printing or machining/shaping or vacuum forming. They won’t produce the right type of elements. You’ve really got to do plastic injection molding.

How much do injection molds cost to manufacture? Well, about 20 years ago or so, we heard that LEGO molds cost in the ballpark of $10,000 - $100,000 USD, depending on the complexity and longevity of the mold. Parts that didn’t need high tolerances, and weren’t going to be produced for a long time could be $10,000, but complex parts like the LEGO chain element were closer to $100,000. Now that it’s 20 years later, it’d probably be in the ballpark of $15,000 - $150,000.


(a pretty simple LEGO mold)

Now we have to ask the important question: Are you consciously trying to make an illegal copy of a LEGO element, which actually says the word “LEGO” on it, or are you trying to make a high-quality knock-off that’s comparable to LEGO in quality?

If you’re trying to make an illegal copy that actually says “LEGO”, who are you going to pay to make your mold for you? Any machinist that’s capable of making the mold for you is going to instantly see a lot of red flags if you ask them to write the word “LEGO” on there. That’s going to be difficult, will possibly cause you some legal trouble, and may cost you even more (since no company that makes molds will want LEGO’s lawyers coming after them).

If you’re trying to make high-quality knock-off, though, then you’re fine. It’s still expensive, but you could do it.

But you’ve got another hurdle to get around, which is testing. You have to get the clutch power just right. LEGO typically refines their molds a lot with their testing equipment, which they’ve calibrated very exactly. You probably don’t have that equipment, though. That means if it feels a little tight or loose, you may not be able to figure out exactly where the mold needs to be adjusted.


(some of the special elements (but not the machinery) that LEGO uses to test clutch)

So, let’s say you’ve got your mold, and it cost you $20,000. Now you’re free to make that exact specific part. But no others. For every additional type of part that you want to make, you’re going to need another mold, or you’re going to need to work them into the initial mold, which will now cost more. And if you wanted to make something higher value like a minifigure torso, that’s actually a combination of 4 different molds that are assembled!

But ok. Let’s pretend all you wanted was that one part, and you’ve spent your $20,000. Let’s also say that your injection molding facility can match the color you give them exactly for no extra fee. But let’s say that it’s a pricey LEGO element that typically sells for $1.00 online in the aftermarket. You’ve now got to sell 20,000 of them in order to break even, let alone make a profit. And you haven’t even spent anything for your raw materials, shipping, or packaging.

In the end, it’s simply expensive. And that expense is an up-front cost. Once you’ve bought your molds, you can use them for many years, and it’s reasonably cheap. But getting your foot in the door is a gigantic investment.

That’s why many other companies have tried— but stopped making them (Tyco, Playmates, Hasbro). Or simply make cheaper, lower quality copies (Mega Bloks, Cobi, Lepin, K’Nex). Or (in some specialty cases) make only a very limited selection of elements (Brickmania, BrickArms)."




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































