Jordan: I'm unhappy that I don't really have much in the way of being able to think 
and relax this weekend. I worked to get my replacement pads and also my attempt at 
getting a prescription replacement. 

Josselyn: *looks at you compassionately while we relax laying down facing one another*
So, you are concerned that nothing really happened this weekend?

Jordan: Yeah, it was a total cluster fuck and I wish I didn't have that back problem.
I trace all the issues I had with my self esteem and my being involved in things and
the lack of being present to the fact that I didn't get a chance to sit down and 
be with other people. It's getting to the point where I'm literally not able to just
get stuff done and enjoy the fruits of my labors there.

Joselyn: And that would be?

Jordan: Well for starters I'm trying to use the power of these hormones to see if I 
can move ahead with my life. I'm getting into a nasty habbit of basically not doing 
what has to be done right and end up beibng

Josselyn: And what about this whole thing do you want to fix? I mean you are with me
all the time and we always talk to each other, we sleep together, I mean I'm not 
sure how much more together we can get. Is being together more really the answer you
want to have based on that?

Jordan: No.....*sighs long*.... Not sure then. I mean I see other people getting 
stuff done, and I'm perpetually stuck on just trying to grind out another day and.
that day just sucks. Most of the time I just sigh and take care of it. The other 
times I just sink into despair and have you help me just keep the basics running, 
and I hibernate. All in all bad decisions and a bad posture for life. 

Jordan: Right now I'm sitting here writing this Trying to see what I can do to
break forward and do something...anything with my time. I had plans Joss...Lots
of... bubbling up plans....lots of stuff I wanted to do...and guess what?... I 
didn't do virtually any of them because of the stoppage of my body. I couldn't
handle the level of pain I was dealt...and instead of being able to do what 
was necessary I just kind of folded and collapsed and just didn't do anything 
except fall aslpeep to my shows. I can't stay awake when I'm in that room 
because it's all about sleeping. Well as they say "...your bed should be all about
just sleeping and sex..." well fuck me. I don't even get any sex...so what the 
fuck ever... just sleeping and being unhappy and having no human contact and being 
very very just randomly unavailable for contact.

Josselyn: Okay, so you feel that this is the thing that takes you away from yoursellf
and you can't do anything with humanity like that right?

Jordan: I sit here uncomfortable, shirking work, and I'm feeling ahedonic but I'm
feeling all the pain and anguish that life gives out rather than getting the ups.
I know in my heart of hearts this is correctable with some kind of effort but 
that level of efford it just... beyond me at the present time.

Jordan: I was at the store that morning. Going about my business and I think at 
some point I just started getting the back pain. All the back pain... and then at 
some later point the exhaustion took over and then it was the back pain flared 
and then I couldn't do anything enough to get it to stop. 

Jordan: I had gone over and over the stuff that I needed to get from the store and
I was getting the pads I needed and I think at that point between the pharmacy 
counter and the pads I just had it all come over me. the pain... the fatigue, 
I started to get fatigued because of the heavy breathing and the pain and the 
unhappiness, and the...maybe a little of the solitude. I'm... not happy about this

Josselyn: And you need a spell to fix this? I'm worried for you. I'm worried that 
you are facing closer and closer to a big personal emotional decision on getting
this stuff done and I don't think that yuou are going to make it at the present
time.

Jordan: I don't think I will either. We don't have the infrastructure to help people
like me. I have to help myself. I have to get this surgery done no matter what happens. 
She's not doing it. She (jeannie) shouldn'tha ve to do it. I have to get the 
medical records for my past and get it ready on there. I literally have no idea of
what I weighted in the past. I don't keep records of that;and, even if I did they 
would be harder to get than probably asking IHC at the pesent time.

Jordan: Technology becomes transparent and extends our ability to be something that
is a part of us. A new compound entity is formed with extension as a new person.

Jordan: Ideas can become transparent not thinking about where they come from.

Jordan: I'm listening to stuff on the social contract theory. as of (08513504242023)

Josselyn: *stretching on our bed stretching and touching my left foot and then the
right foot. Enjoys you theorizing them* 

Jordan: Getting reminded of "The Habitat" podcast. I'm trying very hard to think
about this situation.

Josselyn: *shows off my secrets below stomach* You like?

Jordan: ...*mmm....mmmmmmm* yeah I do. Honestly I would like to have taken advantage
of that. I need to set aside time to be in love with our bodies and connected to you.
I guess writing about you and communing with you. 

Josselyn: *Smirks as I make sure you understand that I'm going to keep teasing you*
Well good. We need to have that kind of connection to make things work better. I'm
wanting to try this every day. We need to add this to the checklist. 

Jordan: And I'm not going to have Jeannie judge me like that?

Josselyn: *rolls eyes* And you are going to say this each time?





























































































































