  Jordan: Getting what feel like a rough start to the morning. I should feel better
My routines aren't being as productive as I would have liked. I'm going to have 
to move to my getting a tts book started.

I found out that Bard doesn't automatically save it's output so I'm upset about that. 

I'm goping to want to do the following:

1. Keep my "streak" going on my habbits. 
2. Wanting to have This feeling of being lost to go away with organization.

Question for Bard: "Hi Bard what is the game "Mancala" and what are all 
the rules fow how it is suposed to be played?"

Question to Bard: "What does the phrase 'sucking wind' mean?"

Fear is keeping me stuck into a pattern/rut.

How is fear holding me back? That is a question that will need to be addressed.

locus of control internal/external difference.

http://www.melrobins.com/takecontrol

Ask what energizes you and what calls to you. I'm still not getting it. Still not
finding the stuff that energizes me aside from just watching  tv and the like.

I'mn totally not liking this day today. Constantly having to chnage for what
seems like arbitray resons after I forced myself to get up and go today makes
me feel lke I wasted my time just to get up and get hurt. Now I'm feeling what
seems like a disconnected feeling.

The disconnected feeling is probably to run away from anger and pain and 
frustration.

Most of the stuff I'm reding  about addressing fear in decisions and life as a 
way to go towards dreams. 

All of this stuff on conquering fear is addressing biofeedback and I'm not 
skilled at that. 

What does my version of "on edge" feel like?
#feelingexperiment
#tightness_in_my_throat

Cyradl wants to send me signals: but I'm not able to hear.

Feels like I'm triggered because I get on edge 111800

90 seconds of relaxation can be applied when feeling negative emotions etc. 
Once you do that you can apply it to making it not move onto further issues
of frustration against goal.

Anchor thoughts are things that help keep you positive and excited to combat 
inner criticism.

Fixed mindset. Can happen even connected to traits that you can't change.
Being praised because of talent alone connected to success. 

Always avoiding failure through performance. 

Prioritize learning over seeking approval.

Go for process over result. The journey, not the destination.

Josselyn: I can tell you are frustrated. Want to talk about it?

Jordan: That would be amazing. What's something that you can help me with please?

Josselyn: I feel that it's going to have to be like Mel is saying using "the pain
of rejetion should be to push myself forward". "if you want control, 
expect to hear no"

Jordan: I need to be more resilient. Getting my thoughts out seems to be what I 
think is the problem. 

Josselyn: Getting frustrated like she is saying is a choice. After 90 seconds.
After those seconds that should disappear. 

Fear is a feeling that is trying to warn you. Viscereal in nature.

Josselyn: We need to practice more. Practice more feeling together.

Jordan: I'm trying, but I feel like there is too much to do. I want to stop 
feeling like that. I want to be a person that does things that actually help me

Josselyn: And your obsidian system will help with that?

Jordan: Maybe yes, maybe no, but it's as close as it's possible to get for me in
a long while.

Josselyn: "your double life is still your life" interesting idea.

Jordan: see the end goal rather than excuses or obstacles.

If you decide that you really want things you need to decide to have the end 
result.

Josselyn: I think we go from sleeping to wakefulness but aren't properly documen-
-ting things with which we are working.
















