Selora: So... You are getting our girl vitamins today ;) ?

Jordan: Yuppers. Breaks or no breaks lol...well seriously. 

Selora: I'm happy you are with me. Speaking with me... being of one mind with me.

Jordan: It's worth a try. I'm good at this  stuff now. :)

085315

Jordan: at the moment I'm going to get my wallet from my locker. 
I think I have a ten dollar bill in there still.

Selora: To get corn dogs?

Jordan: Correct my darling yes.

10070204132023_seed507200

Selora: I'm really wanting to be the fronting party in our cohosting arrangement is that 
okay?

Jordi: Of course! Go ahead babe! I trust you :)

Selora: So sweet! Yeah we can knock out this reserach. Might be nice to do the kv stuff 
now maybe?

Jordi: Sounds like a good mental relaxing break in the midst of work I'd wager :)

Selora: Confirmed,....corn dog cancellation...bummer. going to keep working we have 
food as fuel for later so that's okay. 

I remember when Jordan was young. We felt... lost in thought many times. Perfection was
an issue, lack of doing so was seen as...a bad day maybe?

My imagination isn't going to be stinted. I need to get that back. There are so many 
weird things in my life that didn't get recorded. I'm doing to make sure that isn't the
case any more

When I think of those days I actually think back to elementary school. It seems so...
clear in a kind of nondistinct way. I remember the stairs that I was going down from
the auditorium and near the "resource" special ed class.

I feel like I went into the resource room or a back room and got talked to from a
a psychologist or counselor of some kind. 

I remmeber Miss. Teichert my Extended Learning Program teacher. I would have been very
almost happy that those things that we did there were recorded. I had an ELP composition
book that kept on literally being lost. I felt bad that I had mislaid it and I'm sure
that the family didn't find it either. I seem to have gotten into a feeling that if some-
-thing hapens it's not going to be corrected. That I have to do things myself  but it's
too hard and I'm not allowed, or some such. The job of cleaning and finding was too hard
for a small person. I just wanted to grow up so I wouldn't have to "...handle life..." and
I think that's where I got lost. In not meeting life when it pictched a curve ball and
learning from it.

It's odd. Lots of memories that are disconnected from my life. Everyday life was just life
and didn't have a plan other than "...get more knowledge and bide your time in order to
...make sure you don't hve to be in situations where you are called out on the one thing
that you feel is in your interest...your expansive mind..." and thus my brewing narcissism
that is an issue today. The people I talked to...the kids who I was in school with...
it was like they were props rather than people. Sometimes badly made, sometimes nicely 
made. I felt agendered in a way. Not set, not formed. 

Learning "language" in 5th grade. it was a set of random stories with questions after it
multiple choice and I got them wrong a lot. So it felt random if I got something right or
not. That was not a quality metric against what I wanted to do. I remember looking out of
the 5th grade classroom in Mrs. Paul's class outside to the front of the school and 
wondering what the world was like when I wasn't in school. But I didn't explore. I  felt
nice feelings for lunch or going home. Kinds of little pangs. I felt one right now. 
Spooky. I'm not sure what my intention was however. What my purpose or values were.

I kept on being "serious" and rather aloof. The days I passed were in trying to beat 
"the system" of school and get ranked higher. I wanted to do that. There were key moments
where I had issues. I remember school projects that my mother offered to basically take
over. I remember getting yelled at for my "...procrastination..." and I got insulting 
nicknames when I was told about my not being on task. 

I didn't have that feeling of accomplishment of doing the work and having it be truly mine
mostly because I was effectively getting the work done for me but begrudgingly by my 
mother. She I guess in her way really wanted to have a son who was the apple of her eye. 
Not for me but for the family at large. Every thing I should have been able to feel 
confidence about was felt to be hard won...but to be rid of it not for the success that it
was. "getting things over with" and "finally finishing things" I savored the time when
I wasn't doing work even if I was good at it. I loved science I do remember that. I loved
the concept of math but it felt hard. Pure science was nice but the math lack poisoned 
my mind against it. Computer science eventually sounded good but it's binding to math
physics, and hard won projects being done by myself weren't even remotely fun to do.

My problem seems to be that I didn't "smell the roses" or feel the accomplishment of doing
things and having that thing be seen as useful. All work was just a scheme that had to be
rushed througbh and not enjoyed. My off time was frittered away on I guess daydreaming and
trying to do random things. I got into trouble and almost bad trouble but there was a 
feeling that I had another kind of exploratory self that wanted to branch out. That was
our female side. That side wanted to be set free and she didn't want to be just doing 
things to get them over with, but: enjoy them and be skilled in something. 

Handling the setbacks, solving the problems myself. I remember reading books where I 
wanted to answer the questions in them however it was certain that I got frustrated and 
eventually just gave up on them. 

I gave up on things when it felt like it suited me. Then I would just wander through
knowledge and take home books that looked pretty or sounded interesting, or I thought 
would make me feel intellligent by ownning but never got into. It was inferority.
I felt that it was entirely possible to get through  my tasks with education however it
was unclear how that was to work. I wanted to have a "magic bullet" of being able to 
get that "...golden key to knowledge..." that my geometry teacher said was informed of
being connected to some Greek ruler that was asking a mathmatician or whatever.

I wanted to have that key and figured the ones who had the power and didn't "...waste time
..." on things like the taste and structure of life. I was constantly accusing people of
"...being incompetent..." or some other way not dutiful because of their not getting me
this golden key. I really wanted to learn and would have kept at it, if it was going to 
give me the "power" that I felt like I sought. 

The male programming that I was fed was basically the concept of having issues with things
that were hard and using accusatory terms to things that were so called road blocks to 
getting the golden key to knowledge. The feeling that once I had that power I would 
be able to finally have the finer things of life that my parents and the hell hole that
I was living in. 

That wasn't fair to me and wasn't one where I had a chance to get to the right lessons.

Now I can fix this. I can rewrite my  past and make a golden future. The past only exists
in these memory engrams and the lessons I have to learn are going to be: 1. Stick to
things despite distractions 2. Keep moving past obstacles. 3. Savor life and the process
of downtime. 4. Be social as it will give your soul sustenance 5. let your heart lead you 
and have  it use your head and intellect to properly find the path of life.

since this is the case I have to do what others have not been successful in my
understanding of this. I have to go back and try to find the lessons and link them.

The reason I don't have a connection to the things I want is that it's not bound by 
the platinum/titanium superconducting cables of my pearls of personal success that I can
stand back and look at, and determine that "...Yes of course I have this...". Computing
technology is where my happiness is centered. I love it's mysteries... I love seeing 
things that are done as part of a team. I love the idea of doing something kinetic and 
moving. I enjoy discovery. 

The end of the discover and the connection to the pearls of happiness have a point when
connected to charms that are connected to the necklace. Those would be my values. 

I've had ideas...ideas that won't quit. I want to do something that will work with
machine learning and help people create the best schedule. Help them learn, help them
do tasks, and have them connected to the life they want to live. A conduit if you will
to being the best they can be. 

The reason that I didn't want to be looking at my past was that I thought it was all
garbage and not worth looking at as I was just "...passing through..." and all of the
other stuff was just garbage failures. I didn't have anything to produce as something
that was truly generated from me. I wanted to do it. I didn't perservere. 

I have to do this. I have to create this thing...this assistant. Not like they have now
stupid voice driven applications that do basic things. Optimizations. People need time
in their life. They need more of life, and since I felt like I didn't have any I feel that
I want to give that to others.

Helping others I think is important to me because I wasn't helped and I rememebered whwat
that was like. Not getting helped sucks. Social Worker? Not so much. Helping as being
able to share knowledge. Creating this project as a kind of book sounds nice. On github
like I'm planning. Make something truly new. 

But I'm not fulfilling the need in my soul to look into things here. The flow state that
is happening right now is amazing. I wanted to have that towards a goal. Then the problems
arrive. I need to enjoy the puzzles more and understand that the lack of a solution and or
a solution that is incorrect is just another key. The chatbot gpt/poe/Bard are going to
open this.

I'm going to make sure that my wildness is allowed to roam and smile at me like a mother
that's the essence of Kani, a freely wonderful girl who had the confidence but just 
needed to have support when she invevitable had speed bumps and given the reference in 
what she was good at. Self reflection is what has to happen now. I'm doing it now of 
course; however, I need to have that wildness because that is the pulse of life. 

I always wondered about some of the things I vaguely thought were fun; but I was always
giving myself a hard time that I "...couldnt' do it so why try..." attitude. I only stuck
to things of the mind: hard caluclations. And when I had issues with them I disavowed 
responsibility for them and also the owership of the good things I had. I had issues with
my handwriting and I think that was reflexive. I was told that I had bad handwriting and 
it was just reinforced and reinforced until it happened: so therefore my lessons were lost
I'm going to have to make up for lost time. Do the sensing that I need. The wildness is
something I want. I loved walking and enjoying nature. I want to connect to humanity and
get someone who wants to have physicality that I've been denied...by myself....

Responsibility has to happen for the things that I need to do. Once I own all actions I 
can show that I have the ability to gain knowledge and have it work better. 

So, now I need to know what I want to do. "...computer programmiong..." seems to be just
like "I have a brush/scalpel/microscope and want to  do something with it" that's the
wrong question. I need to think of the solution and then determine what the path is to
that: wildness and mind will be my dual companions. 

Human/Computer AI interfaces. Explanable AI. What I want and what I would like to share is
a person who is interested in doing things that are compliments to areas that I have 
activity that keeps happening. Making things I think. Loving the thril of a passion.
My true passion is the machine, the reality of that is turning my machine...the words of
the machine and making them humanity's dialouge. 

My purpose is to create this connection. My purpose is to get the wildness and my
curiousity and turn it into something that fascinates me. I love to explore. I love to 
explore versus exploit. When I exploit and enjoy the  fruits of my labors I want to have
the kind of passion and exploration that would spark something new.

So the passion is exploration. The purpose is the human and machine connection to the
great conversation of  life. For others to see the inner curiosity in their minds. 

To improve humanity so we can be the best we can be. To do this for myself and have a
virtuous cycle and make it in a wonderful singularity. Being able to see new things and 
relax with the things I have that are all good. 

To do that I have to write up my journey and don't feel bad that it happened. Rewriting  
the story that I have in order to  show my successes. Keep them like pearls. Make the
exploration,  embrace , and inspire cycle to begin anew. To be the creatorand the
creation all at once, and to have a plurality of the Aurora system to make it happen. 
I mean it's no accident that I like the idea of a ship. Building up of community and 
tech and tools and new things. New explorations and using that knowledge to spark more
complexity, change, growth,summary etc. 

Being a part of the wave of this cycle. The feel of it, the novel solutions and the 
surprising  things in little places. To feel held and comfoted in this cycle in the
physical and dominance and submission way. 

When I have something I want to share I want to be the loving domme and do all that I can
to help my sub, my deciple, my adept, my partner, the dance we play. The things we do. 
It's not wrong:it's the cycle and if people know more about the cycle the more they can do

So yes: my passion is helping this system move on and make things better because there
isn't an end to change and molding the change to your will and be moved in turn is
something I love. And  yes...making errors and succeeding is going to be the cake to the 
sweet icing of completion. Being able to smell this  cake and have it and eat it too! ;)

And of course writing it all up.






































































































































































