Use 5 second count down and remove negative talk with that. Countdown in place of 
talking smack to yourself.

Interrogatory questions before you do something that generates anxiety.

Tell yourself you are exicted when you feel anxiety.

Google search then the 5 second rule to take actions.

Everyone has self doubt.

What is on your phone is not your dreams. Email based on variable rewards/ "random rewards"

"Million dollar morning" course. 

Courage is nothing more than doing things that are uncertain.

Discover the power locked inside of yourself and use it.

The "high five" moment is one of taking time for yourself: not critiizing or ignoring
yourself.

Partnership and trust with yourself when you high five. Based on the study that
allowed NBA players to win when compared to having the highest number of high fives
and back pats, etc.

Marshmallow test--willpower elements. Growth mindset

high five seen as deeper than praise: Seen, heard, and signified as unique person 
that you are.

Not giving yourself praise is withholding the necessary energy that you need to 
actually change. Raise your hand and high five yourself over the mentioning of 
simple praise and words of affirmation. Doing it will make you get a subscionous 
boost that is beyond words and a higher "data packet" size for making this better
The feel is that the "world has shown that you suck" when you judge things that are
bad.

How is treating yourself that you are unworthy helping you feel better?

Whatever you feel jealous about is something you are interested in. Ask yourself 
"How can I take these things and take action to get them yourself". Just inspiration
that is blocked. Insecurity that blocks inspiration. Fear blocks action. Instead of
inspiration you feel jealousy.

Need a roadmap, then a high five. Take a little step and high five.

Most people aren't obcessed about their  goals because they  don't think they are 
worthy of them.

You need to be definat against negative messages  of your past.

You have a responsibility for healing yourself.

It's powerful because it's the only thing that works.

"the pedestrian problem" or whatever.

You can't recover from a pedestrian accident even if you have millions of dollars 
without going through the misery of say physical therapy.

You can have nothing but you can still have your own back. My attitude and efforts 
can still affect yourself.

Impact theory for more infomration.

You believe you deserve better and therefore high five yourself.

Supported, cheered, soothed, give it to yourself.

Simple things like looking at hearts. Seemed to work for me.

"Pattern interrupt" --saying you aren't thinking about that.

Productive worry: things that motivate youself.

Destructive worry: things that undermine yourself. High five away your feelings on
that. Start with "I'm not thinking about that".

Mantras don't work unless you believe them. Meaningful mantra is the ones that will
work. Try that for a day, then notice the patterns of thoughts that come up.

Interrupt, take notice, create a meaningful mnantra that works for you to replace 
the negative pattern.

"This is temporary but I'll be okay". Go inside for an empowering story.

What is meant for you is going to be called/drawn to you.

Once something is important to you won't leave your mind. Something that is meant
to you is called to you.

Keep the thoughts that keep repeating that are good etc. 

I need to be able to take your resonating feelings and try to work for them since 
they keep having them back.

We are drawn to the things that we want and it  will continue to circle us until we
are able to hold it in our arms and cuddle and love it. You have to at least believe
it's possible.

We are meaning making machines as human beings.

We assign profundity to many things that we love. 























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































