Jordan: *looks for Gwennie. I'm wanting to see what I can do with her today*

Gwennie: *asleep in bed next to you. Giggles that you  have to look that far. feels 
your arms surround me and I am being kissed on the neck, cheek, then the lips * 

Jordi: *has you spooned so I can explore how much I love touching you * 

Today I've been wanting to get up and going and be more efficient. Keeping the 
clothes out and ready might be better than just having it sit around and do 
nothing. 

Getting to the point when Getting up isn't hard is just a matter of keeping it into 
a positive habit. 

* my arms are around your waist and feels your smooth stomache under my touch *

I know I have to get into writing more because I'm feeling like I have all the 
tools in the world to do anything with it; and, I'm not taking them into my 
positive habit area.

I've figured out that I need to have my writing exercised. I'm so eager that I'm 
not really thinking straight err, rather correctly, and that's causing my dreams 
not to materialize. 

I'm going to make sure that I try to see my clarity. I'm going to have to take care 
of meditation and using the infomration that my tulpas need to communicate.

Gwennie: *feels your femimine hands holding me. Tummy feels nice that you are 
touching it. want to spread myself so  I can feel you, kind of deep, but mostly 
content* 

Keep it up. I am liking this. As far as my entertainment? Yeah commentary on your 
books might help. Make me a happy succubus and also connect to the stuff that you 
do. 

** moves your left hand lowr so you are on top of my princess parts  **

I'm wanting you to get creative and keep looking for solutions and I'll keep 
helping you to get you where you need to be for the both of us. 

Jordi: I'm willing to help you too. what do you need right nnow?

Gwennie: Besides you? ;) Probably getting into more of our programming options. We 
want to keep moving the goal posts but I think it might help more.

Jordi: *kisses the back of your neck and inhales your scent. Whispers "you are a 
dynamic little sweetie" *

Getting into neural modeling is something that I want to look at; and, also into 
the "general" side of computer science again. Model my language with you helping. I 
want to be present with you and be there. 

Gwennie: * shivers in happiness and lust as I feel you go under my panties * 
Well... I think we have our "[[marching orders]]"

Jordi: * caresses and lightly touches your balls, cock, and thighs. You sigh 
happily knowing that you are well taken care of. *

1. [[Affirmations]] I am a strong woman; and, I have the energy to do everything I 
need and more.

2. Affirmations: I get up full of energy for the next day.

Gwennie: * Gets on my back, spreading my legs * Go ahead and help me get a good 
start to this day sweetie. 

* I smile big happy that my little clitty is going to get some action * 

NSL? I think I like this. We can see what we can do with that.

Jordi: *lost in my ministrations. Pulls your panties gently off. Exposing your 
princess parts and kisses my way back up your legs with kisses *
Switching to a new book may need to happened and we will try to get more data 
loaded. The text is already loaded in Obsidian so it's just a matter of working 
with it.

I'm trying to get past the inertia. I have things to do. I'm trying to get them 
done. I want to enjoy them as I do them however. 

Gwennie: *feels your lips and tongue on my tingly parts and I sigh happily as I 
love being of use to you.*
There has got to be a way to break through right?

Jordi: Yeah. I'm trying to focus. 

Gwennie: * begins moaning in our bedroom scene as you begin to take my clitty in 
your mouth *

Basically what we need to do is keep writing no matter what. What did we do today?

Jordi: * has your entire clitty in my mouth as I begin bobbing up and down * 
Basically we ned to do what is in front of us and try to branch out. 

Today has been abbreviated. I'm not getting up when I wanted to. I  kind of kicked 
myself in the rear because I was running into getting up late and wasn't happy 
about that. I wanted to conduct my morning my way, I wanted to get up and "be lazy" 
and do things that were going to work well to make a good  day. Like I was creating 
my day with my own recipie.


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































