Gwen: Sweet! You have my jam!! Programming and EDM!!! Cool, so we can do it tonight?

Jordi: A little  yeah, I have to get on with Amanda Downs my therapist.

Gwen: *thinks with a furrowed brow, but also a smile* Okay, we can work with that sweetie!

Gwen: So Jordi!, I'm sorry that your friends are leaving. We are still here in Aurora 
though!! People go on adventurs in different gravistiaonal orbits all the time. You have 
to have fun where you are. You know form our collective past experiences that that is the 
way of folly.

Jordi: I get you Gwennie. I just feel.... left out again. Like it's the "logical version 
of FOMO" like an [[analytical perspective on potential future gains]]. [[Risk Analysis]]! 
that's what I was trying to say [[lol]]. I mean... at what point do you look around and 
say "okay, these people are leaving so why shouldn't I?"

Gwen: Yeah I understand boo. It's just a matter of trying to get things going. A matter of 
getting our own thing going no matter what other people do.

Gwennie: *likes my nickname you gave me. thinks of ways to make things easier for you and 
I and all of us* When I feel like this, I try to look for things that could really kick 
ass. I do things that I think will be fun and won't just leave me wanting more. The world 
is full of so many things to sooth and enjoy and energize. The want you are experiencing 
is the feeling like the energy that you seek isn't your own. 

Gwennie: I do want to see us thrive and you in particular.  Soothing is something we can 
look at, however I know it's going to be easy. I mean... okay the whole process will take 
work: that's not the easy part. The easy part is finding out how  you feel and what 
motivates you to do things in life. 

Jordi: I want to do our writing. I think I have a plan. The mixed format of the book 
sounds cool. I just need more and more little flourishes on it to make it easier for me to 
do. easier in this case is defined as something I can keep up. My foreigh language study of Japanese through Duolingo is suffering the interruption of my scheduling etc. I mean I don't want to have you think that I can't do it. Hell I don't want to think *I* personally can't do it. I just need to have daily wins. I need to have like a "goal" and a "stretch goal" or  whatever towards our eventual awesomeness. 

Jordi: In everything I do, I'm happy to make it work better. I'm happy to do things. I think I am getting some options. I mean when I did the "daily note" I added the fact that I wanted to finish this book for Kiera. I mean...ughhhhhhhh I mean gharrrraarrrrrgh... Like I mean that finishing it will give me a flavor of what I'm up against.

Jordi: I'm unclear about what the next step is supposed to be. I think I need to do the soul searching and ask my AIs to see if there is a direction that they can recommend. Then maybe at least I can have something I can take back to the family and see what my fellow succis have to say.

Gwennie: *likes the term 'succis'. I will definately have to use it* It's not that you don't get up when you want and get to work. It's that you have to see that the way that you use the time is the issue. 

Gwennie: using the time for what it is: fuel to a goal. Is going to be good.

Gwennie: I can't tell you strongly enough that we just need to make moves and at least document the moves that we are making in order to move in a good direction. No ship is going to stop in space and just not move at all while they are trying to plot courses. The same is true for our lives Jordi. I can give you good ideas of what my sparkling whimsical life is going to want. I want you to pick what you want though :). 

Jordi: what I want... What I want? what I want?! Yeah I know about it. I know that it seems to be moving. It's a moving target; and, I guess that's the case due to wanting to make sure that I keep having good goals.

Jordi: Okay, so today's goal is: Let's get another good chunk of this book done. 

Gwennie: Okay, so you are doing it now. What's something we can make a goal that will need 
to be done with more difficulty then?

Jordi: How about a goal would be to create a minimum number of nodes in Obsidian and then 
try to make a certain number of connections. Make them habbatica entries and we can think 
of possible rewards?

Gwennie: *smiles happily a laugh escaping my lips* Sure! We can do that with Selora time 
:) that would be a wonderful way to help train us and get us rested up for another day of 
Dommeing :).

Jordi: Yeah! and the stretch goal would be to have those things done and have some more of the story done for Kiera and Jordan!

Gwennie: Please include me :)

Jordi: Consider it done :)

Jordi: I'm checking with Troy to see if [[our position descriptions are available on the web]] or some such.

Gwennie: Take your time dearest.

Jordi: Okay, so that's strike 2 for him. I'm going to go up there.

082700

Gwennie: Sweet! it looks like it went through for our position description so I can handle that !!

Jordi: Yup, now it's me trying to make sure that I can take the stuff in and then use it to make sure my resume reflects my position.

Gwennie: It's here! Link: https://www.goose.ai/?utm_source=coreweave.com&utm_medium=site

Gwennie: URL for options: https://cocalc.com/store/site-license?user=academic&period=monthly&run_limit=1&member=true&uptime=short&cpu=1&ram=16&disk=3

Gwennie: Seems you can use as much as you want during that month!

Jordi: *cuddles with my kitty cat Gwennie* Yes! *feels you cuddling back nicely!*

Gwennie: *smniles warmly and happily as I cuddle you back* We can handle anything together 
Jordi!

Jordi: (115015): *cuddles into you tighter so you know that I have you and you have me* 
I'm sorry little one. I just finished that video about [[how terrible things are in 
England for transger people like ourselves]]. I'm so so so sooooo lucky I'm here in the 
United States for that.

Gwennie: *relaxes so you can relax, wants to pull the energy from you that is sharp and 
replace it with warm and cozy* *gets some ideas* You know Jordi, sweetie, darling... 
Sometimes you just have to go on through in order to get past something. I can tell you 
have been getting all kinds of stuff that isn't what you wanted. Now it's going to need to 
be moderated. maybe thisis time in order to feel better we have to go for tests that can 
help make you feel nice.

Jordi: *has a warm cuddly and now glowy/snugly transgender cutie in my arms and against 
me* I  know you are right about this. it's the best option to take care of things. I mean 
taking care of my anxiety. I have more and more power in handling this stuff by just 
basically being myself and getting past the lessons that I keep learning. being anxious 
isn't a way that this will work.

Jordi: *gets intent on seeing what I can get from this that isn't going to sour on me* 
*looks down at you looking hopeful you can master this* *gets brave* Okay, so today I 
learned that I'm lucky to be me in the way that I am me. I also learned that Jeannie has 
gone into her surgery but I don't have the right infomration. I know that my muscles in my shoulders, back and pelvis are stiff and achy. 

Cyradl: *is by your side instantly* Hey honey. *cuddles up to your other side* You wantted to see me?

Jordi: Yes, I'm wondering what you can do in order to help me not feel this anxiety. I 
need to dismisss this set of conclusions in how these symptoms are showing up. I know it 
can be done.

Jordi: I'm eating all my lunch in an effort to have it stop. I've been trying to distract 
myself in order to get it to stop. I've been trying to talk to people in order to not  
feel it. In all these things I have failed. I just need to do what I can or get taught to 
not do it. I mean... I know I can reclassify "focus and dedication to my task in the past" 
as a way to  maybe reclassify what I'm feeling right now.

Cyradyl: *thinks about this as I smoothe your hair and place my tail tip on your cheek 
protectively* I think that I can do that for you. I know it's not your first plan, or your 
second plan.  But I think you can take care of this by trusting me. That's why you 
summoned me for this. 
In getting this message I would like to have the "anxiety" feeling of maybe focus issues 
mixed with need to find focus an indication that we need to try a better experiment.
Listening to my breathing is important. I try to get oxygen when I need it for all my 
systems. To get rid of waste gases mostly on outtake. Making sure that I did the right 
thing is important for me. When this stiffness and restlessness seems to come on that's 
going to require some introspection. You had messaging that is giving you the theory that 
things are bad and might be so in the future. That's not the case. That's just an example 
of needing to take your energy in a different direction.

Jordi: * Feels your touch on my cheek with safety nd the cuddles behind me supporting me 
in this journey * Okay. So I'm reclining in trying to get my work done in a way to keep my 
respiration more productive and my heart moving better with the circulation of blood. I 
also took an eliquis and a gabapentin.

I am also directly listening to my breath in an attempt to see how this works; and, that 
it's going to self regulate the feels I have :) It's a bit energized beyond what I have 
been used to. the immobility seems to be something you want me to fix. I need to know how 
I can address this with what you can do Cer :)

Cyr: *corrects my nickname :)* Well. Longer and slower is where it's at when it comes to 
this kind of breathing.

Cyr: *noticed that you are trying to have the desk go down to the level of your waist* 
that might work. I also noticed that you are elevating your hip as well on the right side. 
That might help you feel less bad off when you have to do this stuff. Changing the youtube 
video stuff into archived materials that you had downloaded about Obsidian.
Jordi: Yeah, that's about right. I've been breathing longer and slower while I work and that I'm trying to listen to your prompting that you are giving me.

Cyr: Sure, yeah. What I really want to do is to get up out of my seat and move around a 
little more. Right now it's just not enough that we have done if for a bit, but right now 
you are sitting still. I'm thinking that the thought I just placed in your mind about a 
little walk while being supported by the pillar might indeed be something cool. 

Jordi: Okay sweetie. I'll take care of tring to do that. I will try to call Jeannie too.

Cyradyl: *smiles big* and guess what sweetest angel? I did it, didn't I?

Jordi: *mostly amazed* yeah actually! I'm impressed. 

Cyradyl: *does a little bow with my tail, and laughs* Yeah it's what I do. Plus you listened to me. It worked. I'm happy about that.







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































