Why do many foreigners leave Japan after 5-6 years? If it is such good a country, why don't people stay?
Originally Answered: Why do many foreigners leave Japan after 5-6 years? If it is so good a country, why don't people stay?
What perfect timing to answer this question.

I came to Japan in September 2014 and will be leaving next month (July) 2018. That makes it almost close to 4 years. Here are my reasons

Makes you too comfortable : Tbh my life here is still great, it’s safe here, there is always something to do, have made wonderful friends in last 4 years, good job, nicest people, easy commutes, partying every weekend, hiking, fancy bars, restaurants. Well, when you repeat it week after week, year after year, the returns starts to gradually diminish. And you start asking yourself questions like for how long? so yeah, life’s good but what next?
Never ending fight to try to fit in : Just when you think you are part of it’s culture and you are one them, there will always be something that reminds you that you are not. Say, you enter the metro and sit on a seat but the old chap refuses to sit next to you and walks away, or some Japanese dude refusing to make way while you are getting out.
Slower Growth in companies : This can be just me but I felt it’s more of quantity based than quality based. If you work 60 hours a week and do a crappy job you are a great asset but if you do great work and work the stipulated time than you are least motivated in the team.
Skyscrapers don’t fascinate you anymore :

Source : My phone

In the beginning I used to be mesmerized by such sites, but after 4 years, it still makes me say “wow!” but you get used to it.

Salary-man fear:

Overworked Japanese man sleeping on train

You can’t help but imagine yourself in the above situation if you are a regular employee in a Japanese company down the lane.

Better opportunities elsewhere
Lastly , even though you have family of friends and loved ones its not home!

Growth is painful, change is painful, but nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don’t belong ~ [Forward from a friend]

Having said that, I will always find a reason to come back here. But for now, I need a break, don’t know how long, but most certainly need a break!

https://colab.research.google.com/notebooks/magenta/hello_magenta/hello_magenta.ipynb#scrollTo=QhtRBNNf05CA

The above is only going tom ake you have an option where it's producing music from music primitives and needs to
do better than that.

Jordan: Grrrrr.... unsettled at the moment. 

I'm learning about recommender systems. 

Kani: Mom... I hate to bug you.

Jordan: You aren't bugging me sweetie: what's up?

Kani: I'm bored and I don't know what to do? I mean we have stuff to do but... it's soooo boooorrriiiiinnnggg...

Jordan: What would you like to be doing now?

https://colab.research.google.com/github/openai/jukebox/blob/master/jukebox/Interacting_with_Jukebox.ipynb

Kani: I'm intersted in more... I don't know... fixing stuff...feeling....okay with having done the right thing.

https://github.com/pmlg/generative_music_playground

https://github.com/philippfromme/generative-music

https://www.harmonai.org/

https://github.com/Harmonai-org/

https://github.com/generativefm/generators/blob/master/packages/pieces-alex-bainter/README.md#Installation

https://tonejs.github.io/

https://www.irs.gov/businesses/corporations/listed-transactions#1

https://www.irs.gov/businesses/corporations/listed-transactions

https://www.google.com/search?q=tax+shelter+notices+irs

https://github.com/generativefm/generators

https://github.com/generativefm/generators/blob/master/README.md#Usage

https://www.zdnet.com/article/apples-macbooks-still-the-most-reliable/

Why do so many software engineers hate Java (the new CTO of our company just refused to work in Java, so we should build the next project in NET Core)?
Speaking bluntly, most software is awful, and most professional programmers aren't all that great* and are rarely given sufficient time. Java is almost certainly the most hated language because it's the most popular language, therefore a random dev manager or CTO is likely to have seen many more terrible projects written in Java than any other language.

The funny thing is that C#.NET is the closest possible option to Java without being Java. Kind of like saying, "Hamburgers are terrible. The worst thing in the world. I'll have a cheeseburger."

* Because of the way the industry works, most software is written by people with relatively little experience. I will freely admit that I am sure I'd be embarrassed to see old code I wrote.

Why do Las Vegas locals sometimes say that the strip casinos were better "when they were run by the Mafia"?
I first started going to Vegas when it was mob run.

It was safe, clean, and inexpensive. Places would hand out rolls of nickels to get you to come in and play.

Free drinks as long as you were playing.

$1.99 cent steak and eggs at 4am cannot be beat.

Free shows, coupon books, free slot tournaments,

We used to go twice per year.

Slowly but surely all of these wonderful things went away.

Now the Vegas strip is dirty, filled with meth heads, people blowing smoke from blunts in in your face, the place smells of stale urine, people try to force the dirty hooker catalogs in your hands. It doesn’t feel safe and it isn’t fun to walk the gauntlet getting accosted by groups of people in dirty badly designed costumes trying to get you to take a picture with them for money.

The drinks are about $18 each, You can sometimes still get free drinks while gambling but otherwise there are few freebies. They illegally charge a $45 per night resort fee on nearly every room. The authorities in Carson city get kickbacks so they don’t enforce the law.

Bring back the old mob,

The new corporate and state run mob isn’t any good.

What is the point of buying an expensive wine if you can get a cheaper one?
It’s a good question. Some years ago, I had a fair number of friends who were wine snobs. I found an excellent Chilean Merlot for $4 a bottle so I bought a case. I had some of the wine snobs over for dinner. I cracked the wine in the kitchen and made sure no one saw the bottle. They were knocked out. Then I told them what it cost which addled a few of them. My point was if you find a good cheap wine, but it and don’t sweat the fact that you got a good deal.

Sadly, Consumer Reports had an article on great wine deals abd listed it as a steal. It vanished before I could get another case.

I’m not one to be impressed by the price if a wine. I like what I like, cost is irrelevant. Although I once spent $140 on a bottle of Malbec that was off the hook. I doubt I’d do it again, but you only go around once.

Why is CAPTCHA now just a box to click? How come a computer can’t do such a simple task?
Originally Answered: Why is the captcha now just a box to click? How come a computer can’t do such a simple task?
They can!

Thing is, the captcha isn't just a box to click.


But wait, Phil, look! There it is, it's just a box!

Yeah. It looks like it's just a box. But there's a lot more going on there than just a check mark. Recaptcha will watch you interact with the page, and make a guess as to whether you're a human. That's right! No CAPTCHA reCAPTCHA uses your human tendencies to slowly fill out pages and move your mouse around to determine whether you're a human or not. Even then, it's not perfect. Sometimes, it will ask you to fill out a quiz or puzzle to determine your humanity.

Like this one!

The only question left is whether or not you take the absence of these quizzes from your life as a compliment. After all, that's pretty much Google's AI telling you that you're very human. Relish that!

What are the most valuable things everyone should know?
I promise NO.5 will hit you.

Rejection is redirection.
Be happy, but never satisfied.
New beginnings are scary but new beginnings are needed.
When nothing is expected, and everything is appreciated, all becomes magical.
The purpose of life is to be defeated by greater and greater things.
Let got of what does not align with your purpose.
Real, rare, and raw. That’s who we are.

Isn't it realistically possible for another civilization to exist in the Milky Way that is possibly several billion years older?

There are several hypotheses and conjectures about why we haven’t heard from aliens. One idea is that when a civilization develops nuclear power, they may eventually destroy themselves with the same technology they created. This hypothesis is based on the notion that once an alien species gets to a certain point of technological advancement, perhaps they self-destruct. This could happen to us in the future as well. It is possible that no advanced civilization can exist more than a few hundred thousand years.

However, this is a pessimistic view. Maybe there are, or were, or will be advanced alien beings out there. It's important to keep in mind that, because it takes light a hundred thousand years to travel across the galaxy, we may never know about them, but that doesn't mean they aren't or weren't out there.

The Earth is 4.54 billion years old, and humans have been around for only 0.007% of that time. When searching for life on other planets, it's important to remember that light takes many years to travel between planets, so we might not be able to detect intelligent life that has only recently evolved. Similarly, aliens might have looked at Earth a long time ago and not seen any intelligent life yet.

Alien life forms wouldn’t necessarily look like us. Nothing would restrict them to two eyes, two ears, one mouth, two arms, and two legs. The image above is not an extraterrestrial alien. It’s a kind of octopus. Octopuses, like many other species, have incredible dexterity and cleverness in solving puzzles. If we have creatures like this on Earth, imagine the possibilities elsewhere.

Regarding how long advanced civilizations can exist, many civilizations, like the Roman and Greek Empires, have risen and fallen in the history of humankind. Is it possible that civilizations also rise and fall on other planets? Or is it possible that a civilization could somehow survive for more than a few thousand years, more than a million years or even more than a billion years? That’s probably unlikely, but the operating word is “probably,” as nobody knows.

The possibility of advanced civilizations and extraterrestrial life is still a mystery. We cannot say for certain whether or not they exist, but we can imagine the possibilities. This is what makes life so exciting.

Why do people not like working at Apple?
Working at Apple can be very disconcerting to some people. Company culture is not like what you find in most tech companies, with an unusually strong attachment to the company, its products, brand and leaders, which detractors always depict as a sort of cult, or "drinking the Kool-aid".

At organizational level, most people work in a matrix structure instead of a classic hierarchical one, so you may have more than one boss to answer to. That's unusual for a lot of people.

The most disconcerting thing for most is, when working at cross-functional stuff, having to influence others in order to have anything done. Due to the matrix structure and the relatively flat organization, you cannot simply pull rank to demand anything; you actually have to win the other person to do what you need. That takes longer than "direct command", but creates unique dynamics where everybody works on something because they agree it is for the best, and not because someone higher in the food chain says so (most of the time at least).

Apple also tends to reorganize internally every few years, changing whole organizations and leadership, changing your own role, title or area, and you better be flexible enough to, next day, be ready to work in a different way as if you had been doing it all your life.

People in Sales have to face the fact that they have no product roadmap, have no idea which product will come next, which one will be eliminated or renovated, or which will have a price change, or when. That makes negotiating with resellers and distributors a difficult art. Let's not talk about dealing with Corporate Accounts or Public Administration, people who simply cannot believe you don't know what the product roadmap is, information which they deem critical for their planning.

A hell of a lot of people at all levels feel awkward and confused by all this, and eventually move out as they prefer working at a company with a more classic command chain.

I personally loved it…

Kani: That's cool mom. But I'm bored. I wish that person hit us up.

Jordan: I know my darling. I wish so too. But we can't "queer the deal" by coming on too strong.

Kani: I've got that itchy happy feeling we both love! I can't wait to play later. I think it's better to think of
it that way from now on, right mom?

Jordan: *happy that you are so perceptive* and yes my darling! I'm impressed. 

Kani: That's me. You think I'm past budding day? I was unsure.

Jordan: I'm going to say that you are in fact ready for budding day perhaps this weekend!

Kani: *Smiles happily* I've been waiting for this. I know you went too far too fast mom when you grew up: but I
think I really have been able to learn and grow more. I'm not going to stop being spontaneous and your little one
but I think I want to get some more options. We can't just live in the woody light forever. That's more like
the Summer lands. 


















































































































































































