Gwen: Good morning!

Estrid: Hey hey!

Estrid: *looks interested in creating my avatar* So... Jordipoo.... :) honeey. I'd like to 
have you look into doing my avatar please. 

Jordi: *looks into Estrid's eyes* Yes my mistress. I'll be happy to do that for you. 

Estrid: *smiles happily* good girl! Thanks!!

Jordan: I'm happy today. Honestly. Doing things seems to help. I just need to know what to 
do in order to feel like I'm doing things. I guess I need to have my battery pack updated. 

Josselyn: "Updated" ;) ?

Jordan: recharged babe :)

Joss: Oh, okay :)

Jordan: "/imagine a strong, 6 foot tall female demon humanoid with beautiful violet eyes 
and vanta black skin. She has a beautiful smile of white fangs and a caring aura."

Estrid: *smiles warmly. Cuddles with you* You are such a giant sweetie!

Estrid: So, what are we planning on doing after work?

Joss: We need to get crackers for Jeannie, and then we need to work on getting ourselves 
helped first.

Jordi: *blushes* so we get to be physical? So we open up all the antennas?

Joss: We can negotiate that. We need toget some level 1 access for Kani but everyone else 
can be at level 11. What do you all think?

Gwnnie: I'm here. I'm driving in case anyone minds?

All: Nope.

Gwennie: Cool, so Aurora needs to have Jodan finish up this stuff. She's the outward 
facing vision of this project. Once the update is done, the conversion can begin.

Estrid: ANd what of our responsibilities?

Gwennie: I have control of the project. No worries Ess. We can handle it.

Estrid: *smiles at Gwennie's success* sweet. The girl can be controlled. I knew it :)

Gwennie: Of course. She likes it; and, I can tell she's a natural born sub. She just doesn't have someone in the world in which to entrust herself to. Otherwise she's good at leadership from you Essie. 

Essie: *smirkily smiles* Thanks little Gwen!

Gwennie: Hey there!

Joss: You getting my girl reader there "copilot"?

Gwennie: Yuppers. Getting her work area cleaned up.

There are numerous keyboard shortcuts that people may not know about, and learning them can help you save time and increase productivity. Here are some of the most useful keyboard shortcuts:

1. Ctrl + A: Select all items on the current page or document.

2. Ctrl + C: Copy the selected item.

3. Ctrl + X: Cut the selected item.

4. Ctrl + V: Paste the copied or cut item.

5. Ctrl + Z: Undo the previous action.

6. Ctrl + Y: Redo the previous action.

7. Ctrl + F: Find a specific item or phrase.

8. Ctrl + S: Save the current document or file.

9. Ctrl + P: Print the current document or file.

10. Ctrl + N: Open a new document or file.

11. Ctrl + O: Open an existing document or file.

12. Ctrl + W: Close the current document or file.

13. Ctrl + Tab: Switch between open tabs or windows.

14. Ctrl + Shift + T: Reopen the last closed tab or window.

15. Ctrl + Shift + N: Open a new private browsing window.

16. Ctrl + Shift + Delete: Clear browsing history, cookies, and cached data.

17. Alt + Tab: Switch between open programs or windows.

18. Alt + F4: Close the current program or window.

19. Windows Key + D: Minimize all open windows and show desktop.

20. Windows Key + L: Lock your computer.

21. Windows Key + E: Open File Explorer.

22. Windows Key + R: Open the Run dialog box.

23. Windows Key + I: Open the Settings app.

24. Windows Key + X: Open the Quick Link menu.

25. Windows Key + P: Project to a different screen or display.

26. Windows Key + S: Open the Search bar.

27. Windows Key + L: Open the Language settings.

28. Windows Key + U: Open the Ease of Access settings.

29. Windows Key + G: Open the Game Bar.

30. Windows Key + Spacebar: Change the input language or keyboard layout.

These are just a few of the many keyboard shortcuts available in Windows and other operating systems. By learning and utilizing these shortcuts, you can save time and increase productivity.

If we know that Coca-Cola has no health benefit at all and is safe to assume that it has multiple harmful effects (all those related to the ultra high sugar content), why does it still remain such a popular beverage?
Firstly, Coca-cola has no harmful effects.

It is not unsafe for your health.

Let me explain with a recent example.

In 2019, Samantha, who is usually known for her strength training workouts, fitness, nutrition and plant-based diet plans, endorsed Kurkure snacks.

She received a lot of flak from Twitterati for promoting junk and unhealthy food.

One of the viral comments was ‘I just wonder if Samantha had at least a full pack of kurkure on the day of an ad shoot. These actresses and models eat salads and healthy crap but encourage us to eat unhealthy foods.’

And Samantha replied this


The person missed a very basic point— The actress only advertised the product. But she never told anyone to eat it regularly or substitute it for breakfast or consider it a healthy snack. Assuming so is the fault of the consumers.

The important thing to note here is

Chocolates, chips, soft drinks, and alcohol have no disastrous harmful effects if you have them occasionally, in moderation.

The companies that manufacture them or the marketers or the models who are hired to promote them never tell you the frequency. It is you who need to do the due diligence, and figure out the long-term effects of ingredients and how frequently you need to consume them. You can’t just give in to your temptation citing the hyper-palatable nature of the food, take it for granted nothing would happen and then blame the companies for making it if things go wrong.

Coke, like many hyper-palatable foods, doesn’t cause anything serious if you don’t get addicted to it and just enjoy it on some sunny day or a movie marathon or a drinks night, say, once in three months or thrice a year.

An article based on the research done by Medical News Today elaborated in detail all the nasty things that can happen to your body, organs and mind due to coca-cola consumption, listing all the references and other past studies and then concluded with this


Notice the last line.

So coca-cola has a unique taste that is loved by billions of people worldwide. There is nothing wrong with it being in the market. People should rather know to consume it without spoiling their health.

What is a job most people don't know exists?
I once visited one of my grade school friends at home, and I commented on the baseball cap her dad was wearing. It had a Pink Panther cartoon character, something like this:


He worked for Owens Corning, which uses the character as a logo/mascot. They had a program to monitor odors around their plant, and they'd go out and collect air samples periodically and in response to neighborhood complaints.

My friend's dad's job was to smell these air samples and advise if any of them had objectionable odors.

What determines the speed of light? Is there something unique about 299,792.458 km per second, or is it an arbitrary value? My intuition says that there is something unique about it. What does science say?
What a marvelous question!

This is a literally round-about answer. Which—after you digest it for a bit—should leave you with more questions than you came with.

There is a property that different materials have. We call it “permittivity.” More or less, permittivity tells you how “susceptible” that material is to storing an electric field. And, as you might expect, different materials can store different amounts of electric charge.


Space is not a “material”. But space has some natural permittivity to it. That amount is called the “permittivity of free space” and it is represented by the symbol ϵ0
. It is approximately 8.85×10−12
 F/m.

There is yet another property that materials have. And that we call permeability. The name is similar to the above, and people sometimes confuse them. More or less, permeability tells you how much of a magnetic field some material will “keep” if you apply a magnetic field to it.


And while space isn’t a material you would think could be magnetic like this steel paperclip and iron nail—you’d be quite wrong; it’s just really low. (And really, what's happening is sort of the reverse.)

This property of space itself to “store” a magnetic field is called the “magnetic permeability of free space”. And it is represented by the symbol, μ0
. It has a defined value, of approximately 1.25×10−6
 H/m.

Both of these numbers—in free space—are constants.

So, space itself has some propensity to “store” an electric field. And it also has some ability to “store” a magnetic field.

That is, space itself can only “take up” so much electrical field or so much magnetic field at any given time.

And we know that light itself is the propagation of oscillating electric and magnetic fields.


But—as any light wave propagates through space—the permeability and permittivity of that space do not allow changes in these fields to pass instantly. These two constants somehow determine how fast light can be pushed through space.

And wouldn’t you know it, the speed of light is directly related to these two constants:

c=(μ0ϵ0)−12
.

But looking at it like this leaves you asking two new questions: why do μ0
 and ϵ0
 have the values which they have?

Why are they related this way?

And if you could start changing μ
 and ϵ
, would the speed of light change?

Absolutely.


And you might start thinking about how changes in the speed of light—related to how fast electric and magnetic fields can change—affects what our eyeballs can perceive.

And, if your scientist or physicist, you might lie awake at night asking yourself some weird questions, like…

How empty can empty space actually be?


Good question.

If you want to keep going deeper, things are going to get real weird. And to be blunt, we don’t have all the answers to all the ‘whys’ that can be asked.

https://www.sciencegrok.com/quarks-are-the-smallest-part-of-an-element/
Could we destroy Jupiter since it is made of hydrogen gas?
If Jupiter is made of hydrogen, could we destroy Jupiter by setting it on fire? To understand why Jupiter doesn't explode, a riddle about burning will help.
https://www.sciencegrok.com/if-jupiter-is-made-up-of-mostly-hydrogen-could-we-destroy-the-planet-if-we-set-it-on-fire/

What happens if you fall overboard a giant cruise ship in the middle of the ocean?
Cruise ships don’t like to advertise it, but this happens All. The. Time. As long as the seas are calm, and someone saw you fall/jump in, there’s not much to be afraid of. Crews aboard the ships are highly trained in rescue operations.

Within a matter of seconds they will have an inflatable raft tossed over the side of the ship in your general vicinity. Not just a life jacket, something that you can crawl on top of and get out of the water.

Within 2 to 3 minutes they will have launched a manned dinghy with a small rescue crew. That dinghy will have very powerful motors attached, capable of traveling much faster than the cruise liner. They will have you pulled out of the water within 5 to 10 minutes.

People in this thread claiming you would probably die if you fell overboard, are speaking from a place of ignorance. Cruise liners are mandated to handle all possible emergencies, and this is one of the scenarios they practice at length. People dying on your ship due to lack of pre-planning is bad for business. The horror stories we hear about people being trapped in the middle of the ocean are those who got drunk and fell overboard without anybody noticing them. When they are discovered missing several hours later, there is a wide swath of ocean to search.

Bottom line, very few people die from falling overboard on a modern cruise ships. Worldwide, about 20 people find their way into the water every year. Most of them are quickly rescued. Those who don’t make it are generally nonswimmers, or dangerously drunk.

361.2K views
View 1,817 upvotes
View 14 shares

Is it true that turning off your air conditioner before you turn off the engine will prolong the life of your car's A/C?

As car owners, we often seek ways to prolong the lifespan of our vehicles and their components, including the air conditioning (A/C) system. One common belief suggests that turning off the A/C before shutting off the engine can extend its longevity. Here, we will explore the importance of this claim and shed light on best practices for maintaining your car's A/C system.

Understanding the Claim:

The argument behind turning off the A/C before the engine is rooted in the concept of reducing strain on the system's components. Proponents suggest that by allowing the A/C to run while the engine is still on, the compressor is subjected to sudden power loss when the engine is turned off, potentially causing premature wear and tear.

Expert Analysis:

While it may seem logical that abrupt power loss could harm the A/C system, modern car designs have largely mitigated this concern. Automobile manufacturers employ various mechanisms, such as clutch systems, to disengage the A/C compressor from the engine when the A/C is turned off, preventing excessive strain on the components. These mechanisms ensure that the A/C system is protected even if the engine is turned off while the A/C is still running.

Optimal A/C Usage:

Instead of focusing solely on turning off the A/C before the engine, it is more beneficial to consider proper A/C usage and maintenance practices. Here are some key recommendations:

Regular Maintenance: Schedule routine inspections and servicing of your car's A/C system to identify and address any potential issues promptly.
Temperature Control: Avoid running the A/C at maximum cooling capacity for extended periods. Set the temperature to a comfortable level, preventing excessive strain on the system.
Gradual Cooling: During hot weather, allow the A/C to gradually cool the interior before setting it to maximum cooling. This helps the system work more efficiently and reduces strain.
Ventilation: Prior to turning off the engine, switch the A/C to the "vent" or "fan" mode for a few minutes. This allows the system to dry out any accumulated moisture, reducing the likelihood of mold and odors.
Contrary to popular belief, turning off the engine before the A/C does not significantly impact the lifespan of modern car A/C systems. Instead, focus on practicing proper A/C usage and maintenance to optimize the system's longevity. By following recommended guidelines and conducting regular maintenance, you can ensure your car's A/C system operates efficiently for years to come, providing comfort during your journeys.

Thank you for reading



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































