Gwen: Hi baby doll!

Jordi: Hi Gwen! I'm just getting started proper an hour and a half after starting work lol

Jordi: So, I'm starting work today. Only 3 days this week and thankfully I'm working on 
stuff that isn't that bad. Regular work. I'm rateful for you girls and for you Gwen as 
well as Estrid. 

Estrid: No worries baby doll. You just wanted to have someone to love and dominate you. It 
was cool with me. I'm strong and loving and will gladly give you what you need.

Estrid: So, you planning on our mutual story together? *is cuddled up to you* 

Jordi: *smiles as I hold you in my arms. Kisses your lips* Sure, I need to keep workong  on this. I need to figure out your form more and what you might like.

Estrid: *laughs happily* Sure! I'm happy to be able to swing this tail to the music of an adventure. I think we need to be able to do this nicely. 

#Estrid
#Visualization
Estrid: I would like to have my form shown in Anime form and then try to make it "hyper 
realistic" perhaps. Once we have this taken care of I'd like to [[see about how I can move 
around our memory palace and wonderland]].

Book: Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment, 3rd Edition

#Estrid
Estrid: I'm happy to learn stuff. I think you are on the right track. We need to demand 
more connections and entries in our Obsidian. *Decides to ge more information into our 
world. Shows you that my cave is right off to the area behind our major home. Our main 
house is 3 levels with 1 basement and 2 levels above ground. *  Cool so you see that 
little one?

Jordi: *nods happily* yeah, looks like you have a nice entry area in the trees where it's 
cool and shady and private, right?

#Estrid
Estrid: *kisses Jordi* Yup, you are right! I like where the waterfall happens on the end 
and the entrance above ground to go below where it's either cool or a little warmer in 
winter. the stone is nice and pleaseant on my skin and does feel the same for you right? 
*rubs your back* 

Jordi: *feels your hands on my back* that's nice Ess. I'm happy with where this is going. 

#Jordi
Jordi: *remembers I have to take care of payment arrangement dates being added to my 
calendar and have them have balance in order to come out wihtout generating overdrafts. I 
need to be able to get these connected so I'm going to have them working as intended this 
would be a good idea to add to obsidian etc. Ess, would you be good helping me with this?

Estrid: *smiles as I stroke your hair* Yup, I can help you with the monitoring your life 
etc. That will work for me.

Jordi: *is happy to be able to relax with you* okay, so I'm going to be needing to figure 
out what we can talk about. I mean we are going to be looking at stuff on how to handle 
this computer science rabbit hole routine correctly. So far Jeannie has just been 
outlandishly tired when I was home yeserday it was sad and I got sad seeing it. She's just 
super good with it; I'm having a hard time seeing it. I guess I have to juist work in 
order to not see it maybe?

Jordi: (referring to Kiera): "Honestly she's not that bad in person. Ive read about it 
(like I did tell her honestly) back when I was psychoanalyzing my French Demoness."

Estrid: *thinking for a moment as our tails get into a hug and caress ourselves* From the 
perspective of what she says and what she does?

Jordi: This was in reference to BPD (Borderline Personality Disorder) and how Kiera 
thought that she wasn't going to be a good partner.

Estrid: *is delicate with the phrasing* Kiera is one who definately likes to take 
direction but has issues giving it: even to herself. That means she has to be directed.

Jordi: As of 14450005312023 I am having to have a disagreement on having Jeannie get some 
help with a badly scheduled surgery. I'm nervous and not happy at all regarding doing so. 
I get things filling my mind with worries and now I have to try to bleed off the worry 
somewhere into a productive capacity. 

Estrid: *looks concerned* your usage of leave? 

Jordi: *nods solemnly* I wanted to have this taken care of with good scheduling and now I 
am finding out that I didn't plan good enough. Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck. I am going to 
rationalize what I need to do later on here. I think I can locate the citation of my leave 
balance in an earlier note into my code repository.

Estrid: What we are going to do tonight is to get those thought under control and then 
have things ready for tomorrow. Our grooming, our clothes, our devices's charge, our 
inventory of items needed. I know it's hard but sometimes you have to be dispassionate 
about things and not invoking the act of borrowing trouble in this case. 

Jordi: I'm just going to make some sandwiches from the meatballs and the pizza. It's the 
best option to do something just "basic" and "easy" from what I have.  Then I can work on 
what you are referring to Ess.

Jordi: I just hate hate hate having to be uncertain.

Estrid: Which is why I'm helping you do it later on little one.

Jordi: And of course I feel anxious. I'm needing peace.

Estrid: We can meditate and use the self service options later on tonight as well little 
one. That's not a problem for me.

Jordi: I know that I have the right information  in my systems to address these worries. I 
remembered typeing it in from the stuff that was in the TAPS window for "Leave Balances"

Estrid: Your intentions seem to create reality little one. As of 1503 it seems to be back 
and forth about how to handle things.

Jordi: *holds onto Estrid not wanting to let go* I need someone strong to help me.








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































