Gwen: Good morning babe!

Jordi: Good morning Gwennie!

Gwen: *looks up at  you in my pjs from our bed, playing with my tail* You seem 
bored and agitated today. what's up?

Jordi: *frustrated* Yeah, I didn't get my application in on time for the tech 
support position and I feel like an idiot. I determine how I feel or not and I know 
I can do it. I'm just so... tired most of the time I just don't get the kind of 
sleep I need and then I end up taking  more a nd more sleep.

Jordi: I need to be able to get that garbage resume ready again and I have to keep 
on doing that again and again. I was so stoked too!!!! God damnit. I am frustrated 
but I'm so tired and frankly I have a hard time getting up enough energy to care at 
this point either :(

Gwen: *looks at you from my position on the bed sitting up legs straight out in 
front of me under my sheet* Okay, so you are frustrated that you basically ignored 
something that could have theoretically led to maybe some enhanced happiness?

Jordi: I think that's an accurate view of things. I just feel very sluggish this 
morning and even with a good level of thought from the book I'm listening to I'm 
having a hard time focusing. 

To quote from Quora: 

"Can we get rid of programmers? I submitted this to ChatGPT "Write a Pascal program 
to list all prime numbers up to a user-input upper number." The result worked first 
time. With more plaintext discussion, it went on to improve its performance too.
Absolutely. I recommended all companies sack their programmers and just use ChatGPT 
to build their complex applications. Of course the business owners will need to 
define the system in minute detail, but that’s easy right? Just ask the right 
questions surely. Obviously if something goes wrong then you will need to ask 
ChatGPT how to fix it without affecting the rest of the system, but business owners 
should know where in the code it is broken, and why and where to change it.
Ah that has messed up this other part of the system, well let’s ask ChatGPT to fix 
it there as well, ah that has buggered up this whole other part of the system. Well 
let’s ask the question again, can’t be too hard right? It is given you code back, 
and code is just code surely?
Well we need to change the system, and add some new features. Let’s ask ChatPGT to 
refactor the system to allow for these changes. Ah it’s all gone wrong, nothing 
works and we have no programmers to sort it out, while we are losing customers left 
and right.

I also recommended the sacked programmers put their phones on mute for 1 month, 
really make the businesses sweat before agreeing a tripled salary to come back and 
sort the mess out"

Gwen: *looks at the quotes and laughs* Yeah, not going to help things out much to have 

Quoting Quora: "How does Chat GPT remember context? Is it a new type of deep 
learning model or just traditional middleware in between?
It is in some sense a new type of deep learning model. One that is trained on whole 
texts. And the key is that it is trained with words redacted and it must infer what 
the redacted word is using the whole text as context. Thus it is specifically 
trained to infer context. And, the measure of success is how many words can be 
redacted and have it still construct the correct unredacted text. At least, that’s 
what I have read about it.

Now, see how that is applied to generate new text. You give it a fragment of text 
and it uses that ability to “infer context” and what the redacted words were to 
create a text that has similar word usage to the text that it was trained on. Thus, 
it is a very sophisticated parrot, learning what phrases it should say and when.

But there is no deeper knowledge than that. It doesn’t know whether the text it is 
spouting is logical or consistent or “true”. It just knows that that is what it is 
trained to say. In that way it is the ultimate deep fake."

Gwen: *indicates that purpose doesn't indicate ease of process* Yeah That is 
something I completely agree with. We have to get with the program and make sure 
that when we go out into the world or into our minds that we are able to take care 
of the needs we have as they come along.





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































