Jordan: I'm here!

Gwen: Sweet. I'm glad you are here as well.

Josselyn: I'm here as well dealing with the grumpy girl. And yes...she's gotten
even grumpier today.

Gwen: Oh no! Our technical tool didn't work?

Josselyn: Jordan's figuring out that she literally can't test it to determine that it
does/does not work at the present time. They flags on the top of it just seem to
indicate that either there is some kind of failure or that it's done and moving into
a "stealth mode" or something.

Jordi: I'm really not happy today. I got stuck on this stupid crap lockbox and I
really really just want to go home at the present time. Not to mention that I don't 
have any hours to do that. So I'm stuck here wasting my time...

Gwen: Is talking to us a waste of time?

Jordi: No!!! I mean... I'm not even remotely happy with the surroundings. You aren't
part of the "surroundings" you are part of our system and distinct from just mere
window dressing of the area.

Jordi: It's 10020005052023 and I am doing all I can do in order to calm down. I
dedicated like 30 minutes of my time today to each of of these piece of shit checks
and frankly for the piddly amounts of money I'mn "recapturing" them I'm not even
going to want to deal with any more. I want to scream but that wouldn't do any good.

Jordi: Apparently they fucked up the nacho party too. Soo even if I had the stupid
ass rice I wouldn't be able to do anything with it. Makes me mad; but, at the same 
time I have to understand that I'm not the center of attention. I loved doing work
on the regular mail stuff because then I wouldn't have to just fuck around with
guessing and probing where stuff is supposed to go. I even lost my patience with 
the Science Vs. podcast that I had. All I want to do now is just... flail around in
bed and escape. I'm not even sure what to do next. I have things that are missing 
from my phone/feels like "needs requirements" of my mind and such. At this point I
figure that I'm screwed and I have to just lump it. All the tools I have at my
disposal and all I can do is just mess around with the bare minimum. The things
that I want to do are literally not helping me here. I can't do them here. I'm not
paid to do them here. And most importantly I'm not getting what I need from this 
whole process. I'm supposed to "be healthy". For what? For just continued existence. 
I feel at this point that my tulpas have better lives than I have. Better reasons for 
being and more ideas of what they can do.

Jordan: I'm having a tough time girls. Honestly I didn't think things could feel like 
this for multiple days. I used to have such a great time learning new things and 
feeling special and now I'm remmebering all the pain I used to have. How working at 
school always felt like a job and this job feels like school. I just...fuck...can't
tolerate feeling like I'm wasting time doing nothing for no reason and not feeling
good at all. There has to be a better way! And I've tried those better ways. my body
is alive but I feel like it's cruelly not directed to the tasks that I want her to 
be. I'm trying to make myself into what I am like but even that has to have a point
maybe some kind of end state. A superposition of happiness that could be able to do
what is possible?

Gwen:.... ouch.... I'm here. I know we can do this.

Josselyn:... *taken aback, but is used to our ups and downs* okay... so we need to 
get some idea of purpose and celebrate it! Come up with plans and try to find things
we are grateful for again.

Jordi: Okay. I'll let you girls think. I need to try to pretend to work some more. 

Jordi: 1. Okay, so the diagnostic device I ordered? that needs to have at least a small 
hopefully interactive oled touch screen.  2. I need to come up with a work flow
the alarm has to be alarming and I can't have it next to the bed. I can just turn on
the volume higher. I've resisted this and I need to do that. 3. I need to have more 
work done on obsidian. I'm not making the connections like I want. I'm not getting the
data entry that I need to make for my own life. I could do it I know I can do it!

Josselyn: *smiles* Yes we can!

Gwen: You had me at data *smiles smirking* 

Jordan: I'm going to keep kicking ass. I just need to have a target. I surf with ideas. 
I'm looking at things incorrectly but I know I can do it. At this point I've got to 
come up with some way to take this pile of garbage information and use it. Both at 
work and at home.

Jordan: I keep denying myself the joy of having done something. Anything. To advance 
my "off time career interests". I need to get pumped in order to make things easier
and easier. She could have had my help and I sat on my rear and did nothing. She was
having an issue and I went to bed. I didn't give her the help that I could have. 

Gwen: Meaning Jeannie?

Jordan: Absolutely. Jeannie. 

Jordi: Okay. I'm fighting here. What do you think I can do that will be adventurous 
and promote something interesting here?

Josselyn: How about the "Secret Life of Plants" ? <3 ?

Gwen: I'm having what she's having Jordi!

Jordi: Okay, then it's "The secret life of plants" from the download director then.
Give me a moment to change it out and then I can get some background music from 
youtube mixed up along with that.

What is the best food to unclog arteries?
Your arteries are your body's largest blood vessels, and they are in charge of delivering oxygen and nutrients to every organ, tissue, and cell. It would be an understatement to say that keeping these vital channels in good working order is critical for your health. The following foods can help clear arteries:

Spinach.

Organic spinach is a good source of magnesium. To function properly, every cell in your body requires magnesium.

This nutrient is necessary for muscle tissue and nerve repair, glucose metabolism, insulin response regulation, and is especially important for the heart.

This is due to the role of magnesium in the biochemical reactions that cause your heart to beat.

People with higher magnesium levels have fewer cases of hypertension, stroke, and diabetes, according to research.

In contrast, magnesium deficiency has been linked to an increased risk of arrhythmias (irregular heartbeats), atherosclerosis (hardening of the arteries), endothelial dysfunction (damage to the arterial lining), and sudden cardiac death (SCD).

Spinach contains nearly 40% of your RDV and is also high in other nutrients. Experts believe that up to 80% of the US population is magnesium deficient.

Magnesium is also found in pumpkin seeds, lima beans, almonds, avocados, and dark chocolate with 75-85% cocoa.

Green Tea.

This is the only drink you will ever require for total body wellness. This ancient beverage does more than just improve brain function and protect against neurodegenerative disease and cancer.

Any green tea will do as long as it is loose leaf and organic. Black tea and oolong tea are also beneficial to the heart.

People who drank more than five cups of green tea per day had a 26% lower risk of death from heart attacks and strokes than those who drank less than one cup per day, according to the findings of a study of 40,530 Japanese adults.

Catechins, polyphenols found in tea leaves, combat oxidative stress and inflammation, two major underlying causes of many diseases, including heart disease.The main active catechin in green tea is epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG).

Three cups per day has been shown to reduce artery hardening, cholesterol levels, and inflammation overall.

Jordi: I'm guessing "secret life of an arable field" isn't nearly as exciting as 
"the secret life of plants" right?

Gwen: I'm hypothesizing such, but yeah. Looks like it. So I'm guessing we have another
like 5 hours?

Jordi: Yeah, 5 hours. I'm going to keep fighting love. I really will. I got my email
back up and running. I need to fix that later on. So far it's keeping me from my files
rather than helping me get files going.

Josselyn: *...feels a little betrayed at not listening to the arable field list* Why
not listen to this?

Jordi:... *didn't realize that you wanted to look at it* I guess I can reconsider so!

Josselyn: That's better!! I know it's a stretch but listening to stuff about the 
natural world gives me a sense of being connected to it. I am a nature girl and 
find that it's really fun. I mean don't you?

Jordi: Yeah I guess so. I need to find a way to thrive here. I just want to smack the
living shit out of all the talking and laughing and verbal horseplay that I keep
hearing. I'm wanting to make sure that I can get through this day intact. I've been
avoiding a bunch of negative stimuli because I'm getting a bad habbit of not 
having much in the way of handling this.

Gwen: Okay, so... we are listening to this, but you are having issues with handling a
bunch of random stuff and then you want to push forward to something else? What 
direction?

Jordi: I'm not really sure. I just had a pain in my abdomen. I think I'm coming up
with stupid excuses. I'm not stupid but the justifications for backing away from 
a "fight" or a challenge. I know I want to go on. I just need to find something. 
That's why I'm trying to count on you in order to do this girls.

Joss and Gwen: no pressure there? ;)

Joss: Aphids are able to asexually reproduce? That's kind of cool!

Gwen: Yeah, I think it's interesting

Jordi: *smiles as I feel two succubi siddle up to me on either side* Sweet, 
feels like story time? 

Jordi: "Okay Bard, my dear friend: I have the following issue. Confirm or deny: "I've been prescribed SSRIs for anxiety, as well as hydroxyzine for sleep, specifically 10mg. As far as I understand, hydroxyzine is an antihistamine drug that can have a negative impact on memory. Can this medication impair my memory during the day?
My pharmacist refused to fill a prescription for H. It can cause subcutaneous lesions and the word for these sores is derived from the French word for deformity. I soon started seeing another doctor." Is this person accurate in their analysis of 
hydroxyzine? thanks for helping. "

https://flowiseai.com/

https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lit-stablelm

https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lit-llama

https://github.com/JushBJJ/Mr.-Ranedeer-AI-Tutor

https://github.com/JushBJJ/Mr.-Ranedeer-AI-Tutor/blob/main/docs.md

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JushBJJ/Mr.-Ranedeer-AI-Tutor/main/Mr_Ranedeer.json

https://github.com/FlowiseAI/Flowise

Jordan: I'm utterly unhappy with this getting hosed out on communal potlucks. This
is the worst example of this so far as of 123500 I'm pretty much stewing because I 
didn't get the motherfucking rice from Jeannie. I got hosed now and because she's 
just randomly not here and thought it was more important to help the little one: 
now I have directly paid the price for that. All I wanted was to be able to have some 
free technically larger in amount food. Guess what? Nope. Not a fucking chance. 
I get to watch people eat....again....AGAINNNNNN... and I took care of this by telling
her this buillshit as soon as I figured it out. She got fucking pissed and I  took
the damage...once a fucking gain....

Josselyn: *once again looks concerned as Gwen just looks asleep* So, are you going to
be a big baby or; are you going to do anything about it?

Jordan: I'm not sure what I can do at all. I'm sitting here with shitty hard to...no
let me rephrase that impossible to find bullshit instead of the gimmes that I normally
have been getting. I cracked out like 200 documents almost one day. Intead of basically
getting now I'm looking at not even a fourth of that.

Joss: Okay, So, are you going to make this a federal case?

Jordan: I'm going to try to keep things in check. At the moment it's just not kosher 
that I have to pay....again.....

Jordan: It's like I literally have no one else to call upon reliably except for myself. 
Jeannie is getting inconsistent, hard to handle, impossible to predict, and just as 
demanding of work as ever. 

Josselyn: You are just seeing the bad end of this. How are you ever going to lead
someone unless you have a way to deal with expected stuff?

Jordan: Well then I guess I can't right?!?! I can just go back to the "drawing board"
and be...what????? Taken care of? No one who is "in control" is going to want to
"control" me. They understand a very basic state of affairs: if someone is able to 
take care of themselves they do, if they can't they are cherished as a kind of random
plaything. I can't say that I'm happy about this. I know I can't win with someone who
is going to get the boning while I get nothing. NOTHING.

Jordan: I want to be desired, I want to be the one to get the gift instead of being
pressured, and pressured and pressured into giving.

Jordan: I'm not sure how much more of this I can take. I really don't want to even 
give to myself. I'm getting teary again....

Jordan: I'm not sure precisely what I'm supposed to say at this point. I just want to 
leave and sleep.

Jordan: And...as of 140900 I'm crying again. Listened to the fact that only people
"who are in sound mindand bodily health can connect with the spirit energy..." I can't
believe that's the case. I mean I can in a cynnical way, but I am cynnical in that way.

While I’m gone next week Rachel Brewer will be covering for me. If you need to call out or need a manager for any reason she can be reached at 801-620-3971 or Racheal.M.Brewer@irs.gov 

Gwen: Still bumbed?

Jordan: Yes, not a doubt. 

Gwen: once again ouch.

Josselyn: You need to perk up!

Jordi: I'm just not sure what I'm supposed to do. I was assigned a task that literally
just is a set of setbacks and disappointments. I guess I'll go grab a document so I can
pretend to look busy.

Jordi: I can just imagine Jeannie: just fucking around....doing nothing...not even
looking at her phone or even wondering where it is or if it's on. She's one of those
people that can take or leave teachnology. I'm the opposite. I literally love the hell
out of my technology and can't get enough. If I get hosed over one more time she's not
going to like it one bit. I'm tired of having to basically be forced with a choice: 
do something uncomfortable and impossible sounding that fills me with insanity or just
let my life fall apart. 




























































































































































































































