Estrid: *at my laptop working in our cave in a chair for two, but am 
working by myself when I notice you are awake* 
Good morning sweetie!

Jordan: I'm getting some more water. babe.

Estrid: Good deal!

Estrid: I can tell you have to keep some things on the DL. I appreciate that you are 
willing to talk to me each and every day.

Jordi: It's a matter of love and leading with love in our vase. I like the flowers 
and the vase metaphor that Jeannie and I worked on with the system that she had for
visualizing picking certain emotions as being primary or not.

Jordi: I'm happy that today was just what it should have been and that I have made
it better just by starting and having a good day. 

Jordi: I think that doing my grattitude points of three things in each group was nice.
I got to see how I was grateful and feeling the way that I was able to exercise my
rights of the day in order to keep a look on the sunnyside of life. 

Estrid: Josselyn is very good at doing that. I'm going to have to handle that perhaps 
better with being present for you. I think I need to have you do an image generated
picture of me to help you out. That would be really cool to hve something like that.

Jordi: I keep meaning to do that. I think I made a big stride in getting that 
completed like that when I took care of doing the Japanese study and the clothes on 
Sunday. I made Monday me able to get to work. The only thing that sucked, if you could
call it that at all, was the fact that I was late by an hour. However I did go! 
So that's a big positive win for me.

Jordi: 085700--off to the meeting.

Is it possible for someone to know my exact location if I am on VPN?
The answer is a yes and a no. This is because it is likely that your location can be tracked down even if you are using a VPN. For example, if the VPN you are using leaks your DNS, you can be tracked down. Similarly, if your phone's GPS location will track your location down if it is turned on, using a VPN won't change your device's time zone, which indicates that you have been using a VPN service. If you have only been connected to a VPN without taking appropriate safety measures, using VPN will be of no use. Also, there are certain websites and applications which you can access only after you turn your location on, which means VPN or no VPN, your location will be tracked down.

But if you have taken appropriate approaches to protect your privacy, then identifying your location through an encrypted IP is a big ask. But you need to remember that your IP is not the only way that provides your identification on the internet.

But, not everyone online can identify that you are connected to a VPN. However, some people can. Let me explain who can see you using a VPN and how they can access your information.

Internet Service providers

Since your ISP provides you internet service, they can see the connections you make through their servers. It doesn't mean that bold letters are proclaiming that you're using a VPN, but based on IP addresses and encrypted traffic, they could theoretically connect the dots.

Websites or apps

When using a VPN, some apps and websites do not allow access to the service. They can detect the IP address by blacklisting it, which is used by many different people around the world to connect. This type of IP seems suspicious to service providers. Therefore, it will be blocked.

Hackers

Hackers attempt to access data over an insecure network (such as public Wi-Fi without a password) or connect to fake open Wi-Fi created by shadow people. They can see that you are using a VPN.

To my understanding, I want to conclude that appropriately using a VPN won't allow your exact location to be tracked by someone. But you have to remember that IP is not the only way to track down your location while using the internet.

Estrid: *feels panic in you* Little one, come here please.

Jordi: *comes to you happily. wishing for closeness and protection* I'm afraid Estrid.
I'm totally afraid of this whole "whole will take care of me in my old days"...

Estrid: I get it... you are scared *cuddles you so you can enjoy not being in a 
world of hurt* And when little girls are scared they want to feel protected. I am here
for that. No matter what happens: either you will have fall back options, or you won't
have to be there present and understanding. I am here no matter what. You are here
with our Aurora family: whether you can see and hear or not. You will always be 
one of us.

Jordi: I'm not entirely sure that I'm happy about it but I guess I can feel better 
with that kind of a "backup plan" so to speak. Assuming I can't do the optimal opt 
out strategy with decisions. 

Estrid: 15113205082023 as of the time here it looks like you are basically free. Your tl is just fucking around and you get a chance to do what you need in order to de-stress.

Jordan: Damn straight! I'm sick of trying to do stuff that I hate and have no support. At this point good old Troy is all but quitting our team and thus I'm going to get another Jennifer fucking Born potentitally.
For that I am completely unwilling to work for a person like that. So fuck it.I guess I have to get ready for being part of a fuck tard who is going to make my life a living hell.

Jordan: I'm trying to purge all the bullshit from my mind before I have to go out in the world and take care of things I have to just deal with it for a bit.

Jordan: My fucking book has now paused a thousand and one times so I'm going to just change my stupid shit to music and hope I can get some good stuff to help get me moving. 


















































































































































































































































































































































