Gwen: Babe! Don't be gloomy. We can do this!

From Quora

"What incredibly simple things do people just not seem to want to understand?
That happiness has a very boring formula.

We develop this very childlike vision of happiness that involves lots of triumphs, fairy tale endings, and Wanderlustian adventures in foreign lands and resorts.

Meanwhile, as I get ready for my 40s, I’m never more content than when I go to bed at a normal time, work hard, and maintain good relationships. This comes with a caveat though.

Humans are programmed to seek contradictory things: novelty and consistency. It’s normal to constantly feel a bit restless.

I find that pursuing novelty is healthiest when attached to goals:

Going on a vacation after a successful venture.
Treating ourselves to a high-calorie meal after a hard workout.
Unearned cheap thrills are for amateurs."

"Though glitches would be few and far between, there is one potential “glitch” that 
deserves mentioning…

To explore this inconsistency, we’ll look to our best simulated worlds - namely, video 
games. In video games, to conserve computer memory and improve rendering speed, game 
designers use something called 
procedural rendering to generate textures and details of the world.

As the player approaches objects in the simulated world, the objects are rendered in 
detail proportionate to the vantage point of the player. If the player is near a tree, for 
example, they can view the tree 
bark and leaves in exquisite detail; however, the game will not have generated the bark 
and leaves of every tree in the simulation, because the player is not currently observing 
those features of the simulation, 
and rendering all such features across the entire world would be a tremendous waste of 
computing power.

Below is an image illustrating how procedural generation works with textures: as you can 
see, the texture itself is generated based upon the vantage point of the viewer."

"Now, are there any similar such phenomena in today’s world? Are there any features of our 
universe, the state of which is dependent upon whether or not it is observed?

Surprisingly, yes.

The Copenhagen Interpretation of quantum mechanics states that systems at the quantum 
level do not have definite properties prior to being observed, and that it is observation 
which collapses an otherwise 
indefinite state of the universe into one which abides by classical mechanics. Quantum 
mechanics, therefore, cannot deduce definite properties of quantum-scale matter; rather, 
it uses probability distributions 
known as wave functions to deduce the probability of various classical states upon 
observation.

This tells us that there are details of our universe which fundamentally don’t exist until 
we observe them - at the quantum scale, therefore, our universe appears to be procedurally 
generated, just like the 
simulated worlds that humans design.

Isn’t that crazy?"

Estrid: You need to do what we need to do in order ot get things working.

Estrid: We have challenges and have to rise to them. The problem is  that you feel  you 
don't have to do that. Even if it's hard we have to do what we need to do in this world.

Estrid: Jordan! you are not the onein control it is I! Please stop resisting me :)

Jordi: I'm trying to submit mistress it's an issue of people being loud and obnoxious and 
I'm losing touch with the wonderland here.

Estrid: Obey me! You want to have these rewards?! Go ahead and see what 

Estrid: You are felling better in your submission?

Jordi: Yes, I feel much better. I'm getting used to what I have to do.

Estrid: *feels your simmering resentment as you are held in your velvet embrace* I'm sorry 
little one it's for your own good. You can make it. Just keep moving forward.

Jordi: *feels restrined which is good, but I'm in emotional pain. Not safe word pain but 
it's soooo hard to deal with the emotions now. * I just got the emotion that Jeanie would 
be better without me and I couldn't get that happiness from her out of my mind. I'm 
totally angry and unhappy and miserable and hopeless and not wanting to move forward and 
these dumb motherfuckers here decided to just inflame that and pour gas on a fucking nitro 
fire today. I'm just about had it. I need the money but they fucked this good thing up 
hard core.

Jordi: *pulls against my restraints deliciously. It feels good to struggle even if I can't 
get out* I'm just fucking angry and I don't know what else to do or say. These pieces of 
fucking shit don't get it: this is supposed to be adult times not fuckers being stupid. 

Estrid: *looks over you as I give you water* is that better honey?

Jordi: * drinks and sighs* I guess so. I'm trying to make this a positive reaction to 
stuff but it's getting harder and harder. Now today they basically took off my fucking 
armor and then stabbeed me on purpose. Not even looking for a chink in it just *bam* into 
the unproptected flesh. Good fucking lord don't they have anything better to do than just 
look for ways to ask questions: question after question after question in order to "get 
the truth" these are the kinds of fuckers that don't get it: some truths shouldn't be 
talked about and this is why. I'm in pain because of someone's "questions" and "truths" 
and I can't control the cascade reaction that I'm feeling now.

Estrid: * caressses your face * It's going to be okay.

"A. TC 150
B. CRN 878, CRN 895, CRN 889
C. TC 290, TC 29X or TC 300, TC 30X
D. TC 922
E. TC 640, TC 660 or TC 670
F. TC 420
G. TC 971
H. CRN 886, CRN 888

 L Freeze
B. A Freeze
C. O Freeze
D. Z Freeze
E. V Freeze
F. W Freeze
G. S Freeze

 Integrated Data Retrieval System (IDRS)
B. Servicewide Electronic Research Program (SERP)
C. Desktop Integration/Accounts Management System (DI/AMS)
D. Report Generation Software (RGS)
E. Compliance Exam Automation System (CEAS)
F. Correspondence Imaging System (CIS)
G. Integrated and Automated Technology (IAT)

 Integrated Data Retrieval System (IDRS)
B. Servicewide Electronic Research Program (SERP)
C. Desktop Integration/Accounts Management System (DI/AMS)
D. Report Generation Software (RGS)
E. Compliance Exam Automation System (CEAS)
F. Correspondence Imaging System (CIS)
G. Integrated and Automated Technology (IAT)

Revised existing material for training
B. Created local teaching materials
C. Developed a test to evaluate the level of comprehension of training provided
D. Served as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) in developing training materials

. Written letters or notices to taxpayers
B. Written open paragraphs in existing letters or notices
C. Written approved job aids
D. Written training material or lesson plans
E. Written technical emails to management
F. Documented tax payers accounts

 1120 Series
B. 94X Series
C. Computer Paragraph (CP) 2000
D. 1041
E. 1040 Series
F. Extensions
G. Other CP Notices
H. Letters or Notices

To qualify for this position and receive full credit for your relevant experience you must list the month/year and number of hours worked for experience listed on your resume. Your resume must support your responses to the questions. Do you understand that failure to provide sufficient evidence in your resume may result in a "not qualified determination?
"

Estrid: Per your boss: "Best advise, don't say you've done something in the questionnaire 
that can't be confirmed in your resume or you will lose points. "

Estrid: So just so you know, I know you will be okay. 

Estrid: *uses my tail to touch you everywhere* it's going to be okay, I'm here. I know you 
want to give up but you can't.


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































