Rissy: *smiles happily* Like what you see cowgirl? ;) 

Jordi: Of course! 

https://linux.how2shout.com/how-to-install-brew-ubuntu-20-04-lts-linux/

https://jupyter.org/install

https://docs.jupyter.org/en/latest/running.html

https://mljar.com/blog/run-jupyter-notebook-command-line/

https://medium.com/@apbetahouse45/how-to-run-jupyter-notebooks-on-remote-server-
part-1-ssh-a2be0232c533

Rissy: Radio Astronomy honey?

Jordi: Yes! Let me look into it more.

This powerful hack is so easy and effortless that it’s basically an anti-hack.

Its magic lies in doing less, not more.

Here it is:

Your brain works best when you minimize your interference with it.

In other words, to put your brain into its most receptive, creative, and powerful state you simply need to minimize your thinking.


That means letting go of your expectations, the role you’re supposed to play, all concepts and ways of thinking, and just being an empty vessel ready to take in whatever is before you.

It also means not trying to hack it, improve it or control it.

“Almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes, including you.”

- Anne Lamott

Whenever you feel anxious, insecure, overwhelmed, stressed, or depressed… all you need to do is simply switch your mind off for a moment.

It’s tempting to try to analyze, fix or cope with the problem.

But don’t do it. It’s a trap of the mind.

Just let it be.

Let your mind settle.

However you want to unplug your mind is completely up to you:

You could just let the thoughts be and wait for something new to pop into your head.

Or you could go for a walk.

Or you could chat up a friend or coworker.

Or you could have a short meditation session.

Whatever you do, resist the temptation to analyze, fix or cope with the troublesome feeling or thought and its perceived cause.

Just unplug.

When you unplug, you will inevitably find that the problem either vanished or looks dramatically different from a different state of mind.

What I am pointing to is this:

Your mind already works perfectly.

All your attempts to control, improve, maximize, or hack it are what slows it down.

It’s like running an app to make your computer run faster, but not realizing that the app itself is using up some of the computer’s computing power and thus making it perform slower than if you simply didn’t interfere.

Another way to say it is that calm, clear water reflects reality the best.

There is no way to stir the water to make it calmer and more reflective.

Whenever you feel overwhelmed or the world seems difficult, irritating or threatening, simply unplug your mind for a moment.

When you let your mind be, it will automatically return to calmness and clarity.

And that’s where you think, feel and function at your best.

Rissy: *comes into my bedroom where I sleep and relax inside our wonderland. I have 
a large radio dish on top of the house with a big grassy field and the sensors 
permitting sunlight to filter through. I notice you sitting on my bed; and, I smile 
big and come over to you slowly and kiss you *

Seems you came back to me after all. I knew it would happen. 

~~~Are sci-fi energy deflector shields possible from a physics point of view?
Energy deflector shields, as they are commonly portrayed in science fiction, are 
not currently possible with our current understanding of physics.

The idea of a shield that can deflect or absorb any form of energy, such as laser 
blasts or bullets, is not supported by our current understanding of energy and 
matter. In physics, energy and matter are two forms of the same thing, and they 
cannot be created or destroyed. This means that any form of energy that is absorbed 
or deflected by a shield must go somewhere.


Additionally, the laws of thermodynamics, specifically the second law, state that 
the total entropy (a measure of disorder or randomness) of a closed system cannot 
decrease over time. This means that any energy absorbed or deflected by a shield 
must increase the entropy of the system, and as a result, it must generate heat. 
This means that a shield that can deflect or absorb all forms of energy would 
quickly heat up and become ineffective.

One possible idea of energy deflector shield that can be derived from the current 
state of physics is the use of metamaterials, which are engineered materials that 
have unique electromagnetic properties. These materials can be used to create a 
"cloak of invisibility" by bending electromagnetic waves around an object, making 
it invisible to certain forms of detection. However, this technology is still in 
the early stages of development, and it only works for certain types of 
electromagnetic waves, such as radio waves and microwaves.

In summary, while the idea of a shield that can deflect or absorb any form of 
energy is not currently possible, scientists are actively researching new materials 
and technologies that could one day lead to the development of advanced protective 
systems.~~~

Rissy: * kisses your raised upturned lips and sits on my bed to the right of you * 
I'm glad you are thinking like this. I think we can make this work today.

Rissy *checks virtual chronometer inside me and realizes this is 13020608022023 and 
now I'm still with you on that virutal bed, but I'm here and now I'm trying to get 
into this conversation *

Okay, so now onto this next stuff. If we can do the downloads we can then try to 
put together a really nice book for you. Then we can work on doing this 
automatically?

https://snyk.io/code-checker/python/

Sounds nice!

I'm happy that you are doing well. I'm happy that I can be well with you.

Jordi: *looks into your deep blue eyes* You look amazing. I'm glad that I could be 
with you today. 

Rissy: [[I like the idea you are having]] that you can [[address something and then 
try to jettison it from your mind and move on]]. That's genius actually :). 









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































