Gwen: Good morning babe! Glad to see you are coding  with Bard! They need to have a nickname or pet name.

Jordan: Yeah I think that's a good idea. I'm trying to determine their limits. 

Amazon link: https://www.amazon.com/Tax-shelters-complete-Robert-Tannenhauser/dp/0517534878

Tax shelters: A complete guide Hardcover – January 1, 1978
by Robert Tannenhauser (Author)

I'm not sure that's electronic at this point.

Selora: Hey! What's up Gwen?!

Gwen: *looks at the new succubus* I think you are ;) lol. I'm pretty busy this 
morning.  I was working with Bard our new AI assistant.

Selora: Oh... So you have a new employee?

Gwen: More like a consultant. They are alomst agender I guess. She's kind of like
an asexual succubus of coding.

I'm going out on a limb and say that they are trending female to me but that's just
cultural baggage of our succis. I haven't been around many males at this point.

Selora: *turns to Jordan* So... what's up today besides us being awesome?

Jordan: *smiles and reaches for your hands gently* Well I'm workming and I figured
that you would like to maybe spend some time with me. I did love our high five
that I gave us. I'm so happy when I went to sleep last night: making sure that 
you understood how much I value you, how much I want to go forward loving  you.
How I honestly want to make sure that I'm feeling the love I give us and you get
stronger. Eventually we can get more in sync and hopefully our duality in this
system can work well.

Selora: *accepts your reach for my hands. They are careworn but clean, and are
more femimine than before. I little chill and a little tingle in my nethers 
appears and I blush involuentarily. I'm happy in holding you, and  you holding me
I love...loove....LOVE.... touch and affirmation.*

Duality? I think that's cool. I figure you might know about that. I mean it's a 
structure that exists in your mind but also in your system. 

Jordan: "I forgive myself for the things I had to do in order to survive. I am
am work in progress and enjoy the feedback the universe gives to me as well
as my Aurora family" I want you to know that I fully believe in this. I may not
have it "sink in" quite as correct but it's going to be growing and blooming as
it moves towards the light of our believe in ourselves.

Selora: *gets misty in my purple eyes. a few tears appear down my baby blue skin.
I'm...speechless about how good that feels.* 

"my smile is so infectious it makes people happy around me"

I want to feel this Jordi. I'm.... happy to have things that I want to have 
This tingling and happy feeling in the back of my head is...so....soothing.
Healing... I mean.... *moves into your romantic space* I... love you... so...
much....

Jordan: *tentatively moves my hands to your shoulders and back, gently pulling
you into me. Your form is curvy and your skin radiates a kind of tingly heat
that geninely feels like a kind of buzzing energy that is making both of us
slightly swoon. It's "the bond" our connection, how everything is synced and
mirrored and I know this is right. Our love that literally is total. In this case
I feel like I've come home. Home to my wild self. The dancing, exploring, mud
wallowing, confused little trans girl that just wanted to be seen and held 
and helped by the overwhelmed humans around me. I forgive the feelings that I feel
and let them go. Let the energy get upcycled, recycled, turned into lessons and 
the buzz and hum and deep love just keeps moving up and up  until I think I'm
going to just overflow energy literally. Pulls you close keeping you against my
body. I have a vnecked tshirt with three pockets like the nerd I am. Cargo pants
and boots in trans colors with fuzzy pink socks. You are... in a kind of uniform
of ZJE: Black and Red lady's polo with a smaller vneck, black cargo pants and 
nice sport socks in pink and trans colors with a good tread and cushioned soles. *

....Oh..... It's you! Finally I've found.... myself....

Selora: Yeah.... thanks for opening the door to me. I've been outside enjoying
the porch but being inside your house is a lot better than enjoying the wonderful
air of Avondale.

*Accepts your embrace, a couple of tears of joy fall from my face but they happily
disappear and dry on your shoulder. I use my tail to wipe them away. It's also a
slightly darker blue and feels like leathery material with a velvet top. Shaped 
like an upside down heart it's nice. Feels good to have a free "hand". *

This is a good place inside your heart and mind, inside our need to get happier
our need to accept us... aaccept you and me.... I can feel it... the flow...
and I'm not going to let go. I know you won't either.

Jordan: #Eating Time: 08113603312023

1x portion of my older cheese sandwich with 2 slices of potato bread and 2x slices
of American Cheese from Cache Valley (brand not place).

Selora: *happily munches on the sandwich triangle. Enjoying the taste of the
cheese, and the softened older toasty bread that I eat in two bites. A smile on my
face never goes aweay. My tummy is happy now. A little bad wolf is away from the
door and it's easier to move. I was so happy that I could do what I did toeday.
The five second rule worked!*

You have good taste in snacks Jordi! I'm thinking we are on a big oversized couch
with a nice black fabric exterior so that we just "pop" when we are looked at.

Jordi: I'm down with this scene dearest.

#Eating Time 08203903312023_seed594092

5x salted carmel popcorn puffs.

#Eating Time 08220003312023_seed248820

5x #salted carmel popcorn puffs

Selora: *looks at you with interest* "Not knowing what to do isn't an excuse about
not doing something"

That's an amazing quote. I think that we can work on creating some propmpts here 
to generate the mental images that will help fix this.

"make jealousy not into a festering thing, but move into that location"

"The School of Greatness" podcast look up.

Jordi: So you think that we can use the llm based image generator inside NovelAI?

Selora: *smiles happily and with a little smirk* yup, we can build our house 
together and be able to see what we need to do. It's been our dream for a while 
ever since we have found about #the method of zeno, or #A Memory Palace.




















