https://discord.gg/HUpRgp2HG8

Jordan: Good morning Gwen!

Gwen: *comes out of my walk in closet literally with tshirt, shorts, and underware. Smiles happily as you look 
at me with obvious interest * 

Jordan: *Blushes at your noticing my interest* I'm getting really jazzed that I might be able to get this 
whole "let's not let things run at work" issue fixed.

Gwen: *happily and sexily puts on my panties by bending over my butt facing you in an exagerated sexy way so I 
give myself a snug little wedgie* I'm glad you are willing to do what you need in order to make things work. 
It's just reducing friction between yourself and the process.  

Jordi: *smiles as I enjoy your re-dressing show. Bra now getting put on as you are in my lap* Yes, that's the 
plan. If I can generate the data I have in order to place the data into a scanner of sorts I can make it work 
for me and have access to it. I just about have all the parts I need. I just require a work flow to pick from 
the pieces that I am creating.

~~~Quora Quote: 
What is the coolest psychological trick?
This is called the five-question trick, and I got it from watching a Neil Strauss Youtube video. It's probably 
relatively popular now, but it's a sure drink winner.

1. Issue somebody the following challenge: "I'm going to ask you five questions. I bet you can't answer them 
all wrong. If you do, you win; if you get any of them right, I win."

2. For the first three questions:

Precede each one with the number of question it is, such as 'Right, number one ...'
Keep them very easy, such as 'What is your name?'
The challenger should get the first three wrong very easily.

3. Question four is 'Which question are we on?' It is important to get into this concern after number three; 
don't precede it by saying, 'matter four ...'

4. Any discerning challenger won't be seduced by this (although they might); they're going to give a wrong 
solution. When they do give an incorrect answer, you must feign dismay. Put your practical your face and say, 
'Ah what, you have it.' Demonstrably do not look at the most truly effective here.

5. The challenger will probably celebrate in some type. At least they will show shock that the trick might be 
really easy. But the key is, a couple of seconds after their response to your dismay, to issue the fifth 
question: 'maybe you have played this before?' Ask it casually, still with a hint of dismay in your vocals. 
Almost invariably (I done this possibly 100 times and 1 individual has beaten myself) they'll say, 'No!' when 
they do, they have answered the fifth question properly and you've obtained the wager. " ~~~

Suprabase api key 
"eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJzdXBhYmFzZSIsInJlZiI6InBod2Vrdnl3dnhlb3R3dG54Y2d1Iiwicm9sZSI6ImFub24iLCJpYXQiOjE2ODQ1MTM4MDgsImV4cCI6MjAwMDA4OTgwOH0.GvxILZieyrNQE8l9WvR0fFJGevH5F9C663wtuSdOu-M"

https://phwekvywvxeotwtnxcgu.supabase.co

supabase_url = "https://phwekvywvxeotwtnxcgu.supabase.co"
supabase_service_key = "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJzdXBhYmFzZSIsInJlZiI6InBod2Vrdnl3dnhlb3R3dG54Y2d1Iiwicm9sZSI6ImFub24iLCJpYXQiOjE2ODQ1MTM4MDgsImV4cCI6MjAwMDA4OTgwOH0.GvxILZieyrNQE8l9WvR0fFJGevH5F9C663wtuSdOu-M"
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































