Gwennie: So babe this is the position descrption for Tax examiner.
~~~

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: GS-06 LEVEL: You must have 1 year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-05 grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience 
for this position includes experience that is related to the work of this position and has provided you with the competencies required for successful job performance. Examples of qualifying experience include 
positions dealing with the public analyzing tax or accounting issues. Experience must have included analyzing and resolving problems, adjusting accounts, and providing information on financial issues.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: GS-05 LEVEL: You must have 1 year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-04 grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience 
for this position includes: Experience that is in or related to this position and provided you with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities to perform successfully the duties of this position. Examples of 
qualifying experience include experience performing a variety of miscellaneous tasks involving researching and processing financial documents, reviewing information, and determining corrective action on 
accounts, researching for missing/unclear accounting information, and reviewing financial documents submitted for completeness.

INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
STANDARD POSITION DESCRIPTION 
 SPD# 97774 
Page 1 
Classification: GS-0592-5
Classification Title: Tax Examining Technician
Organizational Title: Tax Examining Technician
Organizational Location: Small Business Self Employed, Campus Compliance Services
Position Information 
Bargaining Status: Bargaining Unit
Competitive Level Code: 0724
Risk Level/ADP: 1N (Low Risk/Non-ADP) Tier 1, NACI, SF-85
FLSA Status: N (Non-Exempt)
Supervisory Code: 8 (Other)
Full-Working Level: GS-06
Career Ladder PDs: GS-06, 94889 
GS-05, 97774
Remarks: This position has non-competitive promotion potential to the GS- 06, 94889. 
 08/30/21 Recertified as accurate. New signatures obtained. 
 
Duties and Responsibilities Approved: 
Date Maha Williams 
Deputy Director, SBSE Examination
Classification Approved: 
Date Douglas C. Schott 
Associate Director, PM/C Branch 
Casey Colonius, HR Specialist (Classification)
Supervisory Certification: I certify that this is an accurate statement of the major duties and responsibilities of 
this position and its organizational relationships, and that the position is necessary to carry out government 
functions for which I am responsible. This certification is made with the knowledge that this information is to be 
used for statutory purposes relating to appointment and payment of public funds, and that false or misleading 
statements may constitute violations of such statutes or their implementing regulations. 
Signature and Title of Immediate Supervisor: Date:
All other levels of supervision which propose or approve official statements of duties and responsibilities are 
attesting to the same effect as the immediate supervisor. 
This position description is intended for use without modification. Any changes (e.g., pen-and-ink) to the duty 
statements, factor level descriptions and benchmarks may jeopardize the classification allocation. Contact the 
Position Management and Classification (PM/C) Branch for further assistance. The classification of this position 
may be appealed. Published standards or other information upon which the classification is based may be 
reviewed. Information may be obtained from the employee’s immediate supervisor or the PM/C Branch. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
STANDARD POSITION DESCRIPTION 
 SPD# 97774 
Page 2 
INTRODUCTION: 
In a developmental capacity, the work involves analyzing Business Master File (BMF) Forms 940 and 941 and 
Individual Master File (IMF) Form 1040. This also includes tax accounts, taxpayer replies and returns, and 
information from other government agencies. The incumbent resolves written, telephone, and fax inquiries 
from taxpayers, their representatives, other IRS employees, the Social Security Administration (SSA), and 
State Employment Agencies. Incumbents primarily work Combined Annual Wage Reporting (CAWR) and 
SSA – CAWR and Federal Unemployment Tax Account (FUTA) programs, the SSA 7000/7010 program, 
Individual Return Program (IRP) and Payer Master File (PMF) penalty cases, becoming cross-trained in each 
program. Some tax examining technicians also work Ministerial Waiver cases. 
MAJOR DUTIES: 
Screens cases for each individual program (CAWR, SSA-CAWR FUTA, and SSA 7000/7010) to analyze and 
resolve taxpayer problems and issues. 
Applies accounting rules, and computes tax, penalties, and balances due to ensure proper amount of tax due. 
Monitors collection activity and recommends lien or levy action or release, with attention to statute expiration 
date. 
Resolves taxpayer correspondence and telephone inquiries with a variety of issues for both current and prior 
year accounts providing excellent customer service. Determines appropriate closure, notice, or letter issuance 
and/or necessity of taxpayer contact to compose letters and taxpayer correspondence when needed. Applies 
appropriate disclosure requirements. 
Adjusts current and prior year tax accounts involving complex account interrelationships or codes to override 
controls; establishes accounts not currently on the Integrated Data Retrieval System (IDRS); account transfers 
and credit transfers. 
Uses IDRS, Pyramid, Computer Accessibility Program (CAP), and the Campus Network and Intranet systems, 
as well as read only access to the SSA master file to perform research. 
Maintains control of work and batches on IDRS, FUTA, Pyramid and CAWR automated program (CAP) to take 
appropriate action for notice issuance, account adjustment, tax and penalty assessment, and abatement. Uses 
proper codes and history to track progress of each case. 
Works referrals from Taxpayer Advocate Service, Customer Service, and Collection to ensure suggested actions 
are appropriate and to return cases with an explanation of an inappropriate referral. 
Analyzes and resolves tax processing problems regarding current and prior year tax liabilities and the impact on 
subsequent tax years already filed, future reporting requirements, and acceptance of reporting and 
documentation requirements to resolve the taxpayer problem or issue. 
Uses research methods to manually reconstruct and compile records in determining tax liability or refund 
entitlement. Proposes, identifies, accepts, rejects, or disallows claims to adjust tax and/or penalty and to prepare 
corrected forms for processing. 
Completes on-line reports providing history information on taxpayers’ accounts. 
Performs other duties as assigned. 
FACTOR 1: KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED BY THE POSITION FLD 1-4=550pts.
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
STANDARD POSITION DESCRIPTION 
 SPD# 97774 
Page 3 
Knowledge of current and prior year individual and business tax law, the Internal Revenue Manual (IRM), 
training guides and other materials, the Internal Revenue Code (IRC), IRC collection techniques and 
enforcement actions, regulations, practices, tax forms, notices, bills, state and unemployment tax to review and 
correct taxpayers’ accounts. Requires knowledge of when cases need entire or partial account transfers to 
correct account. 
Knowledge of automated systems to generate notices and other taxpayer correspondence, and to control and 
monitor individual inventory which Includes using on-line systems, research materials, technology, and tools to 
resolve taxpayer inquiries. 
Knowledge of procedures and criteria for Examination, Criminal Investigation, Collection, Accounts 
Management, Appeals, Disclosure and Taxpayer Advocate Service sufficient to recognize issues requiring 
coordination with these areas. 
Knowledge of Privacy Act, disclosure regulations, reporting agent, and Power of Attorney provisions in order to 
determine the nature and extent of tax information that can be discussed or released. 
Knowledge of other agency procedures related to tax processing (SSA, State Unemployment offices, 
Department of Labor and private financial institutions) in order to properly apply IRS adjustments. 
Knowledge of the laws governing statute of limitations to ensure statutes do not expire. 
Knowledge of oral communication skills to provide clear and concise replies and exercise tact and diplomacy 
during telephone contacts with taxpayers, other employees, attorneys, public officials, and other agencies. 
Knowledge of written communication skills to draft letters to taxpayers, their representatives, and other parties. 
Working knowledge of IDRS service center processing procedures, master file transaction codes, procedures for 
effecting account corrections and adjustments. 
Knowledge of reasonable cause, due diligence, and other penalty waiver provisions to adjust penalties as 
needed. 
Knowledge of CAP (CAWR) automated program, FUTA pyramid system status codes to complete online forms 
and letters. 
FACTOR 2: SUPERVISORY CONTROLS FLD 2-2=125pts.
The supervisor or other designated employee provides general standing instructions on recurring assignments. 
The supervisor indicates what needs to be done, applicable policies, procedures and methods to follow, data and 
information required, quality and quantity of work expected, priority of assignments, and deadlines. The 
employee uses initiative to complete routine assignments with minimal supervision. Work is subject to the 
quality review process and periodic supervisory review. 
 
FACTOR 3: GUIDELINES FLD 3-2=125pts.
Guidelines include IRMs, Technical User Guides, Master Tax Guide, various Publications and Form 
instructions, tax services such as Commerce Clearing House and Prentice Hall, IRC and regulations, disclosure 
laws, and oral or written procedures. The employee is expected to exercise judgment in selecting and applying 
the appropriate guidelines. 
FACTOR 4: COMPLEXITY FLD 4-2=75pts.
Actions taken by the employee are based on the issues and tax year(s) involved, changes in tax regulations, and 
processing methods. Sound judgment is used for fact-finding and case analysis. At this developmental level, 
the employee may seek advice and guidance from the supervisor or designated higher-grade employee on 
complex issues. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
STANDARD POSITION DESCRIPTION 
 SPD# 97774 
Page 4 
FACTOR 5: SCOPE AND EFFECT FLD 5-2=75pts.
The purpose of the work is to make determinations on a wide variety of tax and civil penalty issues and to 
establish or make changes to accounts on IDRS and CAP. Changes to SSA’s database are also made using 
established criteria, specific rules, regulations and procedures. Cases involve problems, complaints, requests for 
abatement of civil penalties, and questions from taxpayers and their representatives. Timely, accurate and 
consistent application of tax laws and regulations affects the performance and efficiency of the IRS. Actions 
taken affect current and prior year tax liabilities, future taxpayer reporting requirements, and taxpayer 
understanding and acceptance of reporting and documentation requirements. Erroneous processing of cases may 
adversely affect the taxpayer and the public perception of the Service. 
FACTOR 6: PERSONAL CONTACTS See below
Contacts are with taxpayers, their representatives, or other agencies by phone or letters. 
FACTOR 7: PURPOSE OF CONTACTS FLD 6-2/7b=75pts.
The purpose of contacts is to secure and clarify information, explain actions that may affect the taxpayer, 
explain applicable tax laws and inform the taxpayer and/or representative of appeal rights. Contacts may 
initially be hostile or rude, but the employee gains cooperation by explaining the mutual goal to resolve the 
problem. Contacts with Service personnel are to exchange information or solicit guidance. 
FACTOR 8: PHYSICAL DEMANDS FLD 8-1=5pts.
The work is sedentary. No special physical demands are required 
FACTOR 9: WORK ENVIRONMENT FLD 9-1=5pts.
The work is performed in an office setting using a computer terminal and software programs. 
Total Points: 1035 
Point Range: 855 – 1100 
Grade Level: GS-05 
Final Classification: Tax Examining Technician, GS-0592-05 















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































