Gwennie: Good morning my lovey *hugs you brightly with my cat ears and tail attachment on*

Jordi: Good morning! *pulls in close* ha ha I love you!!

From Quora

:The FBI raids your house, takes your computers, then comes back 24 hours later with all your computer equipment and even sets it all back up for you and tells you they hit the wrong house. Do you keep your equipment or throw it away?
Originally Answered: The FBI raids your house, takes your computers, than comes back 24 hours later with all your computer equipment and even sets it all back up for you and tells you they hit the wrong house. Do you keep your equipment or throw it away?
Get rid of it all. Don’t set it up, don’t turn it on…don’t even touch it if you can help it. In fact, I would reject the delivery. Whether you do anything illegal or not, you don’t know what they did to the equipment, there are viruses and things that can be done to the hardware that not even anti virus will catch. You don’t want to risk your network and personal information for anything that they may have done.:

Gwennie: *watches as you pose in your succubus form* I like that! You are doing great.

Gwennie: So, Ive been wanting to front for a bit. Do you mind if I did today?

Jordi: Nope, I don't mind at all! 





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































