Kani: Good morning mom! *looks cute in yoga pants and hoodie*

https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/containers/pytorch

that shows this is usable for torch arm64

https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/frameworks/support-matrix/index.html

shows the version of the container I have to run.

https://qengineering.eu/install-pytorch-on-jetson-nano.html

I'll have to get that displayed so I can fix that.

Kani: ... I've been thinking a bunch of stuff today and I wanted you to know that I 
love you mom, no matter what.

Grandma was mean! Grandma didn't play with me!! I was always bored and sad and 
lonely !!! No one wanted to talk to me about anything that I liked to do. I was all 
alone with being able to talk about stuff. All I did was watch tv.

Kani: I used to play outside because I was bored and sad and mad and not having any 
fun. No one to play with. Books didn't hold my interest and I feel guilty that I 
didn't enjoy their worlds like I should have.

in software, you are lucky if you can deliver a product that does 80% of what it is 
supposed to do.
during software development, the product has a lot of bugs in it. You try to reduce 
the number before you ship the product, but it is very typical to ship a product 
that has a lot of known problems, and you also expect that new problems will be 
discovered.
a high percentage of the work of software engineers is discarded or abandoned. This 
is wasteful.
the world runs its business on top of very large piles of software. A high 
percentage of this software is not well understood. The people who wrote it have 
died or moved on to different companies, different jobs. If you need to fix 
something, it will be very time consuming and expensive to dig into it, and any 
change you make carries a high risk of collateral damage.
there are very few pieces of software that have been created with a high focus on 
making something that is 100% correct, running a lot of tests, code review, 
automated testing, very careful. Most of the time, software is slapped together. 
Think of an analogy with the world of construction. Think of someone building a 
piano in a workshop. They use the most carefully selected hardwoods, they carefully 
measure and fit each piece together. Now think about a bunch of dudes building a 
collection of tract houses. They are out in the hot sun, they are slapping the 
building together with a lot of nail guns. If it does not fit, rip the end off with 
a SawzAll. Use sledge hammer. You put sheet rock over it, it hides a multitude of 
sins. Have a beer at lunch time….
there is plenty of work done in the world of software that is not done in good 
faith. People do work, but they do not believe a project will actually reach 
fruition. They continue to work, they get paid, but they know it is a scam. The 
losers are the stockholders or the people who put up venture capital.

https://michhar.github.io/how-i-built-pytorch-gpu/

wget https://nvidia.box.com/shared/static/p57jwntv436lfrd78inwl7iml6p13fzh.whl -O 
torch-1.8.0-cp36-cp36m-linux_aarch64.whl
pip install numpy torch-1.8.0-cp36-cp36m-linux_aarch64.whl































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































