Gwen: Yaayyyy! I'm here. No need to worry about things!

Jordan: And we have work?

Gwen: Lots and Lots. You are working until 615?

Jordan: You know it. 

Jordan: It's odd. I'm impressed in the fact that I'm handling stuff. 

Jordan: I mean...istting here. Working on work. I can almost feel better and feel 
totally in control over not feeling bad or having issues.  
I'm fully in the driver seat (well with you driving). Voulentary withdrawl of need.

Jordan: github for chatgpt reverse engineered api

https://github.com/xtekky/gpt4free
https://github.com/xtekky/chatgpt-clone
https://github.com/mitsuhiko/rye

Gwen: So, I'm wanting to make sure things work better for you. You think it's the bed?

Jordan: It's got to be the best option to change it up. Somehow the sitting on the bed is like a trigger. Maybe a 
very potent one.

Jordan: I have things I want to do. When I get here I want to do something else constantly. 

Jordan: When I leave the house and when I'm sitting here, I'm as cool as a cucumber. I mean, I can't go to sleep
but also I'm feeling an amazingly large amount of peace and control. Maybe the sleep deprivation is rewiring the
brain. 

Gwen: So... it's something about the house?

Jordan: Yeah, it's something I think about how the house is structured. I mean she kept on harping on getting 
couches by any means necessary and I am starting to think she was right. 

Gwen: And how doews that logically apply to your room?

Jordan: So we are getting fucked over with another shot across our bow at work. I'm
literally so tired of being treated like a child. I guess I have to basically just 
sit here and mess around with this system while something drones on and on and on 
and on andon at the same time. I'm just...done.... I guess. I get here and feel free
then I get home and feel kind of trapped. Whatever. If that's the case very well.

Jordan: I'm not play the "let's ban the most important thing in the world to keep 
this job viable mentally getting banned. So I guess we are "so bereft of things to
do..." that we have to take care of thisnonsense. I'm just not going to put up with  
it.

Gwen: So, maybe you should act like an adult to be treated like one?

Jordan: I hope so yes. 

https://github.com/synaptiko/cli-gpt

Gwen: So you plan on using that?

Jordan: I'm not playing any more. I don't need to have someone or some thing make 
this as difficult as it already is.

10310004262023

Jordan: As of now I got another batch of work. I'm need to have my ability to focus
just treated and treated and tried and tried.

Gwen: You mean just trying and trying to do the same kind of desistence to distract-
-ion?

Jordan: Yeah, it's based on Jeannie recommending the same thing. She has been liter-
-rally telling me again, and again, and again: to normalize my experiences to create
a new baseline. 

Gwen: And you are concerned becuase it's got to be feeling like you are under attack a 
little more than normal?

Jordan: I'm trying to avoid connecting these sensation to the emotions that have 
to do with the upset that is presently the case. I want to get upset... I mean I 
feel...feel that I want to be upset to response to the thoughts that I have. I'm
getting directly coerced into sitting here and tolerating things that I have picked.

Gwen: At this point I'm not going to think you want to critize yourself right?

Jordan: I am not intending to critize my choices....merely my desire to keep the 
attention in this case. Attention to the work that I do. I mean... I'm trying to 
feel that having to move with the flow of what I initially picked is an issue. 

Josselyn: Yeah... sorry to interrupt.. This is on the intermittant fasting process 
that people were talking about on Reddit regarding your probnlem?

Jordan: So say them.. yes... I'm going to at least try. It seems that the upshot of  
all of this is I have to keep trying and self monitoring.

Gwen: Jordan, Jordi! I want to see if I can help you with getting real here: You 
can easily do that.

#idea
otophogy---some kind of body fat burning process.
auto-phagy.
Iside cells replacing damaged parts of cells: organelles.

Jordan: I'm not all that excited I guess. Even if that is the case (something to be
excited about) I can control this. I have to just control how I feel and work on 
getting myself used to certain types of discomfort. I seem to be having a hard time
focusing on this log/diary/stream of conciousness, listen to the study tones, and 
the podcast that is feeding infomration into my brain.

Gwen: *notices Josselyn comes into our shared space* What's up Joss? Jordi giving
you the skinny on trying to keep things on the shiny side of the force?

Joss: Yeah, She's running another one of her castrophization (sp) scenarious and 
extrapolating the worst case scenario.

Jordi: Well to be fair I'm wanting to keep this system going. Our system has to have
a nicer and nicer productivity, creativity, and happiness going forward.

Gwen: Jordi... let's be compassionate so we can go forward with happiness and comp-
-assion. Yes, this has a theoretical end point of no return towards a hell of our 
own estimate; however, I'm not super happy about how you are ruminating to this 
degree.

Gwen: Yes, we have to understand that we are not  in control of this process as an
end point; however, you also have to understand that while we don't  have the 
requisite control of this process: we also have plenty of control over their 
intreptration.

Gwen: So based on analysis from what you have gone through there is a sense that 
you have some people "gunning for you" or making it their mission to directly make
your personal life difficulty. That isn't supported by our data. 

Jordi: I guess I have. I've been taking issues from the system... sorry from the
world around me and then tried to basically take the impetus to unfairly feel like
an interpreted negative bias as well as a negative reuslts positive feedback loop.

Jordi: I'm writing here and it seems like it's disjoined and not all that great. 
I'm moving around and around and around and it seems that it's an issue of my 
not looking at the  positive elements of the day as much. I'm accepting that 
I am having a good day. What I am not doing is making sure that I look more closely 
at that day with an eye to make sure that it's going to be okay.

Gwen: Thank you for coming to the same kind of conclusion that I have. Yeah, things
*could* be an issue, however, based on what you have been able to do far in the past
I'm not worried for the health and effectivity of the  system on it's affect to the
world. 

Gwen: We are going to be doing laundry tonight, and also we are going to be doing
A Selora visit tonight as well. At least a little one. I think you are feeling the
attraction to this activity right?

Jordi: Absolutely!!! I've needed to let my hair down and do what I can. I think 
I need the blue clothing I was wearing yesterday. Then again I think I want to 
void it all out if you get my drift :) 

Gwen: *hugs you. Kisses your neck* And I want to show up!! Make it a "group effort" 
between me, you, and Josselyn?

Jordi: Yea, I'm going to be doing that for us. I need to stop doing that thing that 
I've been doing for decades and saying "well..if only I had known this was happening
I would have done...should have done...will do...x" Not okay for me to think of 
things like that. At this point I'm going to  be tryiung to make sure that I just
have to handle this by demonstrating that I can focus on it. Focus on my victory.































































































































































































