I'm listening to the five second rule. I keep using the countdown to help me not get as
frustrated. I'm getting good results so far. 

Did it twice.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zeigarnik_effect

Named after Lithuanian-Soviet psychologist Bluma Zeigarnik, in psychology the Zeigarnik effect occurs when an activity that has been interrupted may be more readily recalled. It postulates that people remember unfinished or interrupted tasks better than completed tasks. In Gestalt psychology, the Zeigarnik effect has been used to demonstrate the general presence of Gestalt phenomena: not just appearing as perceptual effects, but also present in cognition.[1]

The Zeigarnik effect should not be confused with the Ovsiankina effect. Maria Ovsiankina, a colleague of Zeigarnik, investigated the effect of task interruption on the tendency to resume the task at the next opportunity.[2]

Transgender submissive collar? I should look into that.

Getting extra sports bras that I can use plus many more panties.

Mel Robins has issues with ramifications.

I'm listening to this book I think for the second time. I want to make sure that I will
do this by repetition. 

I'm going to get Ellie to give me succubus themed options for levels in ideas.
I got those from Ellie, now I just have to implement them in Obsidian.

What I'm getting into is like pruning and gardening my information in my  backup brain.

I've been using the 5 second rule a bunch just sitting here and working. I'll keep 
at it.

I'm going to use this to calculate how much I've done this; and, try 
to finish gamifying it.

"if you have the courage to start, you have the courage to succeed".
[[need to have Ellie look into this]]

Submissive collars need to be personal to the user (me). 
I have good ideas but that would come from Etsy.
The one I found earlier was 125.00 ish. Not necessarily good but not necessarily bad

Second test: do 30 minutes earlier on my alarm using the 5 second rule.

From what I'm looking at their argument on this book for this above idea (getting up
30 minutes earlier) will be designed as a type of using the "sunk cost fallacy" in a 
good way. They are saying it's "change agnostic".

After my first appointment, my therapist share with me her notes that 
include the following statements: “affect-Congruent, narrow in range”, 
“Cognition-Grossly intact” and “Insight-Fair”. What do these mean?

It means your mood matches your facial expressions, but the range of emotions 
is limited. 
Your thinking is intact, i.e. you’re not psychotic. Your insight or ability 
to think & reflect about what‘a going on in your mind is fair. 

Snoozing again and again will just create interruptions in miniture sleep cycles. 

Procrastination is best seen as a coping mechanism. Effectively stress is mounting
and then therefore you need to do enough to try and stem the tide. 

The little things build and build in order to give you the necessary underpinning 
of trusting yourself. You have to do the things that your version of Josselyn expects
you to do.

Small things give you the effort and courage to do the bigger things.



































































































































































