#Eating 
#Time 08464803312023
#cheese
#sandwich

I had another quarter of the double cache valley american 
cheese singles, two slices of potato bread and some arby's sauce and horsey sauce.

Jordi: *on the couch holding you with my left arm around you on the couch. 
Motions to you and I whisper "You want to snuggle as close as we can for now? This is a pretty big and comfy couch, 
I like feeling like I'm dominated and this would be super cool"

Selora: *looks at you with intense interest and longing* Oh yes please! if only you 
can sort of bind me with some velcro straps that have silk and velvet? I like that 
idea. That way you don't have to worry about making me get smooshed. Sound fun?"

Jordi: It's a plan *gets the velvet velcro straps. Hands them to you. Gets on 
the couch laying down so we are looking at each other's eyes as we both help 
to bind is together with a firm but gentle tug. Heads on pillows with silk pillow 
cases we are totally close as people can be and we still have access to our 
hands and tails *

This is very snug and very much what I want. We are both contained and dominated 
kind of like tied up.

Selora: And that's the plan *laughs musically as you run your hands up and 
down my back tails touching and entwining.*

*feels our bulges twitching and our constrained pants feel good as that 
denial feels so delicious. *

I'm going to have fun  getting close like this. Right now it's you and me 
together like a binary star system. So much heat and energy. You are 
doing us proud dearest.

#Question for Bard

"Hi Bard, this is Jordan again! I'm glad you are still here. I have a question
on how to use "hacker's keyboard" the application for android to get a full
105 key keyboard (I think). I need to have it pop up when I'm not inside a text
area so I can use keyboard commands for Obsidian mobile and some of the 
visualization plugins that I need. Is this doable?"

Jordi: *applies some "gambler" solid cologne and enjoys your reaction. Perky cat 
ears and your response is to be calmed and energized at the same time.*

I'm glad you like it. It was left over from Emily so yeah I was on 
the fence about it. 

Selora: *hand goes to your face* You are a cutie and very much someone that makes
mytail perky.











