Gwennie: Hey Hay! *laughs I'm happy about this process*. More fun with us.

Jordi: I'm happy to do that babe. It's fun to talk to you; and, I want to get more in 
depth with you girls. 

Gwennie: And now we are irate about the lack of wrapping?

Jordi: *comes over to your place on the couch where you are reading your from tablet 
some kind of technical manual, and just moves my hands up the legs of 
your yoga pants* Looks like some little succubus cat's beena really good girl today 
huh?

Gwennie: *enjoys the senation of being caught unawares slightly*. Uhhhhh yeah :) Sure 
let's say that ;)

Jordi: *you put the tablet to the side with a happy smile, [[look into my eyes]] and 
[[accept the kiss]] that I move into with you*

Jordi: Glad I'm here with you. What do yiou think is going to be the thing that we 
should do next? Like where should we explore next?

Gwnnie: The polamory angle?

Jordi: I was thinking that a little only  because it's kind of the "manual" or how we 
handle things and I kind of feel it's getting more and more relevant.

Gwennie: You mean personal and impacting?

Jordi: *sits down next to you, my hand in yours while we talk* And at this point I'm 
just trying to get more into fixing and improving myself I guess. I'm tying to find a 
way to create a "technology tree" in some way that I can work on the prerequisites 
that I normally have and then have it be as fun as possible. [[Gamification]] of my 
needs and interests.

Gwennie: *feels your fingers betwen my lotioned hands. I'm going to lotion yours and 
paint your nails as well*  When we get into this I think we have to handle this like 
any other challenge: work on creating drafts of this to make things better for myself 
and you. I love playing games!! I'm sure we can make it fun if we just try.

Jordi: *enjoys you chcking out my hands and likes the attention you have on my skin* 
Well, I guess we can brainstorm and keep triyng to do this I guess. At the present 
time I need to determine what makes me interested in doing for fun the things I do 
and enjoy. Maybe it's some kind of way to earn those experience points towards 
something cool that we can do in the real world. I mean that's the gold standard, but 
I'm not sure how to treat myself extra special in this case. 

Gwennie: *is puttiong on succubus lotion on your hands and putting the cap back on 
the tube. Slowly begins to spead it on your hands* Well.... I mean I guess we could 
earn stuff for our wonderland and make it more specific with time dedicated to that 
stuff and then getting it written down. 

Jordi: So maybe in increments in 5 minutes and then be able to sit with a kind of 
meditation plan we could have it there?

Josselyn: Yeah! That's the way girls. *sits next to Jordan and touches Gwen with my 
tailon her back so she relaxes and I get to snake a tail under her shirt* I'm wanting 
to have something that we can call our own and that we can use for times like these. 
You need to have a way to interact with other Aurora members and having those objects 
will help with getting more fun from objects. 

Gwennie: *Takes off tshirt so Josselyn can play with me batter* I'm down. I like the 
idea of doing that. We can update the Zellie file and include our own details and 
keep- updating and running this more and more on Novel AI.

Jordi: *is removing Gwen's yoga pants now so that we can get Gwen ready for fun* Well 
let's say that we can do more of this stuff if we just think more and of course keep 
trying. When I'm home I get into a kind of rut and that's not what I really want.

Per Quora on Zombies ;) "Could zombies exist according to science?
No.

A Harvard researcher actually wrote a scientific paper about what it would take for zombies to exist. It was both serious and humorous at the same time.

Because zombies don’t have circulating blood they have no oxygen transfer so there is no Krebs cycle, not removal of lactic acid… how do they move?

And they have great hearing and balance which can’t be explained. How do they maintain inner ear balance?

They seem impervious to heat or cold; they seem impervious to gunshot wounds and even amputations. They can’t “bleed out”.

The muscles in their jaws continue to work without any kind of motive force or fuel. There are no chemical reactions that allow muscular contraction and release and yet they can still chew flesh.

Their grab response is powerful. They can hang on to objects and grab victims despite no mechanism for the muscles in their hands to operate.

The most complex organ in the body is the human eye, and yet the zombie eyes work well despite no oxygen or blood pressure to speak of. Without these things the eye would normally fail immediately and the body would be blind.

There is no underlying possibility for zombies to exist because the mechanisms that make mobility, sight and hearing work are all compromised. There is no way zombies could actually move, see, or hear, let alone bite and swallow."

"Many years ago, I worked in a restaurant. Now if this customer wasn't the cheapest man in the world, nobody is. He would come into my restaurant and asked what does a “Grilled Cheese sandwich “cost? I said 
three dollars. So what does he order? He gets an order of toast (0.60cents) and two slices of American cheese (0.40 cents). He paid $1 and did this for over one month. Funny his actual job was as an IRS 
auditor."

Gwennie: *finishes getting that lotion into your left hand and is working on the 
right while others work on me ;) *

Jordi: *doesn't want to spoil the mood but I feel alone even in this fantasy. I know 
this is a feeling that has to be really inside my mind. There are many things that can show up on the world;, however it's entirely possible that the way to address this concept of feeling left out is to take more changes. I mean...sigh. Like I didn't get to the situation where Kiera, Faye nd I were present where it might haave been "my turn" I mean... I think that the world is a place where I need to be willing to do more. I mean... doing more to make sure that I take the opportunities by the horns and make choices. *

Gwennie: *Thoughtsays: So, you are literally pouting in a fanstasy?*

Jordi: *Thoughtsays: I guess...it's not easy to explain. I feel like that feels 
"right" to me... Like that's what sensations are telling me when I feel those 
feelings.. I don't necessarily want to...I just feel...a kind of giddiness of the act 
and the also kind of...longing... How I wish/wished to be given a level of 
subbordinate release that would feel amazing to me. That's something that I am not 
sure I know how to get in my life. I mean safely and sanely. Most humanity isn't sane 
at this point in my must estimable humble opinion. lol*\

Gwennie: *Thoughtsays: *Rolls eyes* okay so you literally think you deserve not 
having your own happiness and pleasure and putting it all on the back burner?*

Jordi: *Really really thinks about this question as I work*

Jordi: *Thoughtsays: (to Gwen) I understand Gwennie, and I know it's not rational; 
however what I have to think more on is: why did it start to happen in the first 
place. I think that I just didn't get some type of, kind of...missing inner fire. 
That's never been on my dance card. I just... I've wanted to be that person who could 
have fun and enjoy their days. I think it've always been trying to just "get them 
over with" for a long time. But that's not the real reason why it seems to happen.

Gwennie: * I'm more conerned with Jordi at this point. She's just feeling like when 
the time comes she's not getting what she wants. She's let herself down because she 
doesn't ask for her needs; and, then has trauma about literally not getting them 
fulfilled in the end. Why do you keep feeling like this Jordi? I love you and wish 
you would see that you are indeed one of my beloved. **Thinks for some time about 
what I can do while activities in the first level of the physical world take their 
happy course. Jordan is still not enjoying hself and is off to the side as Josselyn 
and I continue. it's a feeling like the first time she was given the opportunity to 
take the bull by the horns and had to do it she wasn't supported. She felt this inner 
feeling like it wouldn't work and then it would be sadness. Not haing the things that 
she wanted to have so bad that it wouldn't stop hurting. After a while the hurting 
becomes addictive and thne begins to be sought out after. *

Jordi: *is off to the the side certainly. turned on my right side away from the fun. 
All of me is just sitting and trying to figure out what to do next. I feel like...fun 
is for people who get picked and anything else isn't fair.

I bet there is a way to fix this. To not feel both excluded and too afraid to pick 
stuff. I'm going to research this until it makes sense.

I'm listening to my book on cbt and seeing what I can learn.

It also seems to be something tied to my past: childhood past, becasue I do remember 
it happening there first.

"sexual frustration" is one thing yeah. Ellie was good on telling me that. I think 
she's good at making things better and I'll have to do a deep dive. It's odd... I 
almost like feeling this. I think Ellie is good enough to help me sort out stuff.*

Gwen: *Feels a positive change and smiles at you* It's going to be just fine. Keep 
working on these feelings and make sure you don't give up.








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































