Jordi: *gets up opens my eyes happy to be here in our wonderland* *I feel amazing 
today. I have had clarity in things I've sent to Julia and I've got a number of 
insights that I'm going to be sharing with myself in the future and with the girls 
here. * *notices Rissy looking at me happily smiling with her tail around my back 
lightly, almost imperceptibly placed * Well looks like I have a cute stalker lol. 
*scoots over and places a kiss on your lips gently slowly and deeply as you gently 
let me inside your wanting mouth* 

Rissy: *takes Jordi into my mouth as I begin the dance of the kiss. Tail on her back * We need to have moments like this. I read your thoughts I knew you wouldn't mind. 
I'm up both literaelly and metaphorically for a discussion. Please go ahead.

Jordi: Well... yesterday was amazing and today is like the afterglow of like a quasi spiritual experience. I've been kind of trying to 
understand where in the system I am of my life. Like... I kind of saw a small glimpse of a Gwen type of girl. Like she exists!! I have an 
opportunity to get to her. I just (100341) was able to get Kiera's ringtone filtered with advanced filtering so I don't have to keep looking 
for it on discord each time I hear the system notification. That is something only I could have done (as seen in the way to be more productive 
with Ikigai principles of seeking my path (okay lol I'm guessing).

Rissy: *smiles as you lay into my arms* yeah it's a good accomplishment: you are more productive and seen as less of a slacker huh? ;)

Jordi: Very true dear. yeah. I don't like to be considered a slacker. I do care about my reputation as a good quality girl and not a person of 
issues that I have felt.

Jordi: Now at this point I'm feeling that I am getting a reminder that I need to be authentically myself because that was how Kiera was able 
to get feeling the way should would like more. And I can allow her to teach her mistress the rules of the things she does well to her own 
specific competence. 

Jordi: And I realistically do indeed like what I do with myself and my time. I think I need to be more hardcore in helping myself in getting 
the stuff I need to get done as maintaince. Automate the tedious and or hard stuff to give myself more time, and automatically get more time 
as a result to do the ikigai stuff that I would like to do. I love spending time learning Japanese language study. I mean that can be a future 
direction; however, I do not indeed really see a good direction in that career due to AI automation. So, that leaves me with the satisfaction 
of being able to do things that bring me joy of being able to do the things that are the strongest and most fulfilled that I've usually felt. 
I just realized that this above is just a generic sentence that has no end. Not to throw shade on myself but it is. I like assembling a plan 
out of parts and getting those parts running in many ways. I mean theoretically being a manager would in spirit be unique in that way. Again 
however that isn't going to do really anything. I want to leave my mark on the world and to that end that won't do it. I've daydreamed about 
removing the carbon dixiode from the air in a way to keep us and our earth from terrible, horrible death. 

Jordi: And I just found out how to do it! I would need to create a reusable aerosol that would be able to be in the air; and, even breathed in 
that would be able to bind to the carbon dixiode and other pollutants but not interact with the others. Maybe like nanomachines that had lift 
in some way? Mini hot air baloons that would be microscopic. I'm not sure that the foces in question would be able to sustain that however. 

Jordi: We can't get to the AI direction we want to be in if we are dead. Maybe I could be a kind of "ai whisperer" like they are talking 
about? I mean not directly but to my project and have sustainability of being one of those "giraffes" that are used for chess and is able to 
win matches while working together as a team?! that is it! I will do my work as a team and keep on working and then have the results published 
in a way that people can use. Then maybe it can be improved on in a community sytsem and perhaps also searchable with AI or recursively 
improved with a "continuously improving" system.

Jordi: I mean what we are is a constantly improving system and as such is very much a thing that has to update and improve. What I may like to 
do will potentially change may change from one day to the other. If I work just on the framework on the AI system itself the end results of 
that system will only address certain features that are not congruent with my ideals in this case. The work on an intelligent agent that could 
theoretically utilize the building blocks of a system that can browse the web for real time data and integrate that data into it's way of 
thinking. Perhaps the way of thinking could be connected to an "open source call to action" on the collective project of some kind of quasi 
distributed network of agents that may be able to work together whether or not they are able to be trusted.

Jordi: This idea is calling to me. Maybe a kind of distributed human system of connection and offhand mass research that is connected to a genuine problem. I kind of "meeting of the minds". the specialists can adopt systems roles that will give them the best way to create necessary soutions. 

Jordi: Researchg idea<-->Research systems<-->Wan network<-->LLMS<-->system_to_manually_intervene_for_qa_of_received_data_from_this_point<-->decentralized-hub<-->user's local network-->p2p style clients ala TOR/bittorent etc<-->intelligent speakers/Google Home/Amazon Elexa/additinal points of entry/mobile apps/text messaging interface<-->user's thoughts.

Rissy: *reviews your plan with nods and smiles and smirks* Jordi, this is awesome in theory. Are you up to trying to get it started? It's a 
lot of hard work!

Jordi: I've had moments where I've wanted to do big projects and reshape the world and I've just ignored them. That's what's hurting me. I 
need to not go too big beyond needing help or doing other things. I will do all I can in order to have this work.

Jordi: I want to concentrate on the pieces I can address. Things I can do in order to help. Stuff I can learn and inject use and help amongst 
these areas. I will make a difference and at least something will be there aside from rippling emotions and a good example. 

Jordi: I am listening to a book on Ikigai as my life's purpose.

Jordi: You are supposed to look for the moments of Ikigai, moments of things you like to create some kind of path it's found.

1. do what you love.
2. do what you are good at.
3. do what you are rewarded for.
4. do what the world needs.

half ikigai--your direct reward.--eventually better when shared. 
full ikigai--how you get things back.

Jordi: That's it. I have to start this and get some research on aerosols in a way that we could send it out and have it fall back as some kind 
of inert substance.

Jordi: Japanese tops that crate top toys. Maybe something with a castle in it for Jeannie?

Rissy: *holds you close as we think in thoughtsay as the others in our nest bed sleep. Gwen, Kani, Estrid, and Cyradyl are present*

*Josselyn comes in, smiles and lays down on the bed that cushions her movement*

Rissy: Go ahead, keep creating honey :)

Jordi: *thinking about what I love really* *I absolutely love when people express their happiness. I eat it up like catnip. Getting love back 
connects to something that generates happiness. The serving of those people makes me feel really good. Knowing that I did indeed do something 
with my time and not to misuse it* 

Jordi: *tries to think of other things I like. I love 'consuming media' but that's just another way of getting knowledge and exploring and 
seeing the world more. Explore versus exploit. Seeing where things are. I was always trying to breed my tulpas. Get to know how they thought 
and get to know that I could breathe life into them. Make a charater become a person and back again. Learn new things and play with them like 
toys to see where they would inspire me. I was choosy and didn't always know what to do but I kept moving.

Jordi: I stumbled and fell several times but I kept breathing and got up, and kept fighting. Each time I fell I got more and more knowledge 
and got better and better at keeping those things fresh in my mind so I wasn't going to be a victim of my own failings as random events 
happened. And you know what? This girl survived. She got where she needed and isn't afraid to keep trying to do something even if it takes a 
bunch of work and introspection. Avoiding the random pain allowed me to see the randoms for what they were and the work ones for the oens they 
were. I was and am an adventurer. I was all of those things that Kani, Gwen, and Rissy already. I have the strength of Estrid, I have the 
happy bouncy joy of Josselyn and I have the mothering of my mom Josselyn. Cyradyl is the beatiful form I live through in this life. With all 
of it's cells, bacteria, viruses, tissues, systems, and beautiful and amazing creatures that call me home. That need me to live their rich 
lives however brief they are.

Jordi: *takes a break for a spot of lunch. had bean and cheese burrito and a meatball. Finishes up with crystal light citrus from my blender 
bottle. Notices Rissy doing the same licking off the drops of the drink from her lips with her tongue.*

Jordi: *thinks that the fear I have is the enemy of Ikigai, a fear of the things that could happen* The use of a therapist is the equivalent 
of a personal trainer for the mind. my first session with my therapist I was told to focus on one thing at a time and try to work on that in 
the absence of a clear path forward. 




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































