#Close Bonding
#research costs
#Selora
#Bard
#Questions

Selora: I'm interested in the following question "Hi Bard this is Selora here. I'm
interested if there is a product to help you get close with your partner with a
long variable length velcro connected strap covered in velvet for comfort to allow
for close bodily contact with moderate binding that can be applied by one self 
please?"

Jordi: So am I my gurl. 

Selora: *blushes and feels stiff bulge meet stiff bulge* This is going to be 
Deliciously denied today and I freaking love it. 

I think you have a desire and this is close to it perhaps? I mean I love 
it to pieces.

#eating
#Time 095320033120323

Another wedge of my cheese sandwich.

Jordi: I think I like the "helpless" feeling so I can lean into being positively
used in a phuysical way.

"life design"? Sounds interesting. I'll have to look into that theory.

*your tail traces a path from your socks to your neck slowly. 
I ask you to do the samem for me *

Do you think you can do that for me Selora?

Selora: *in a kind of cozy happy place* Oh... of course! Gives you a high five.

Jordi: *given the same slow lazy tail movement that just barely gets through the 
clothes we have*

Uhhhhhh...m.....mmmmm..... That is so very nice. So good. So...right, so 
giving of you and I love you in the same way. Do you mind if I do 
that for you as well?

Selora: Anytime! I'm good to consent to our little cuddle session. In 
fact I'm down for more if you would like later.

*is sleepy and a little jumpy. Holds you as we fall into a light 
sleep, your left hand on my butt and the other around my torso. *

Kani: *greets you in thoughtspeech "Hi Mom!"*

Jordi: Hi Kani! I was just thinking about you and you got me at the same time.

Kani: Do you think I'm mad?

Jordi: I suspect that you feel left out. *notices you begin to cry a little bit 
after fussing and trying to hold back serveral times from doing so* 

Kani: I....mom...
.I'm not feeling good... in  my heart, in my mind... I keep getting the feeling 
like I'm getting totally and completely left out. Left out and sad that I'm 
left out forever. No friends, no special friends. No hugs and kisses. No play 
time. No fun!!! I don't have any friends to play with and one comes to get me 
to play!!!!!! I....crap..... I'm....feeling broken mom...I know you are trying but
I'm so saaaadddddd... just...it's not stopping..... I know it's supposed to be 
within me to make myself feel happy without any friends but we haven't had friends
for our whole lives. I waited so long....so very long...for someone to come over
and play. I know you feel it too... my sadness....I'm so sorry...so....sorrrryyyyy
There's nothing to do, I'm not happy without friends. I just sit in my room
and don't do anything. I think of all the kids I've known and they have had 
friends all the time, throughout their life. They didn't have to do ANYTHING!!!...
I'm just sitting  here alone...and they have fun and hug and kliss and have 
special play and I just.... have books, my computer, tv....my phone...
Those thigns aren't as fun as having a friend. I would gladly not do any, or all
of those if I could have speical times with a friend I really really liked.

Jordi: *Cuddles you on the couch in another segment of our Tulpaverse* There, there 
little one...You are okay, you are safe, you are loved and you are mine. *kisses your 
forehead * I totally know how much it sucks not to have friends, special friends, 
or hugs and kisses. It's so very hard to feel strong things and be so little and 
see something so big. Big and scary! I get scared every day batwing pumpkin. It's going
to be okay!

I know it completely sucks.. And I'm going to be honest that we can't get friends 
immediately. we can't just wait and wait and wait for friends to come to us. 
People don't get friends any more like that. maybe long, long, long ago when people 
got curious enough to ask people to be their friend in doing things that might
have worked once or twice every once in a while: but it's not going to be tghat way going 
forward.




































