Gwen: "Taking an audit of where you are in your life" I am eager to do this. We need
to get down to it. Getting excited about what we want to do was the first step, then
mnaking sure that we are connected. 

I want to revel in technology to explore too! 

Tuning into your desire and directing you to get something else. You will 
get an instant direction. "inattentional blindness/intentional blindness". 
"outcome simulation" and "process emulation" seems that it's a way to 
remove blocking of getting the needs you have.

Obstacle thinking--simulation of obstacles that become facts rather than things that 
can be fixed and open to opportunity. 

"either or" thinking. try to have "both" thinking to have this workmore

Selfishness isn't amoral. Your goal has to be selfish. 
Make sure it's not "dishonest, hurtful, or against your standards"
Make sure you have to have a goal that is totally specific that is very specific.

focus on what I want rather than what I have.

Whims are usually brewing for a long time. Floating ideas desiring action to be taken

Getting unstuck isn't waiting around for something to 
change, it's going to be looking for something to look forward to.

Something cool should be seen to be happening in your life, anything that strikes 
you will be a good idea as it's taken out of just an ambivalent sort of feeling for
nothing in particular. 

Thinking won't releive boredom/being stuck. Only action should be done for 
that initial action. Taking action versus just thinking about action.

Boredom is what happens when part of your brain switches off. 

To reverse the flow of boredom, just call your own number... I don't get it...
Think about anything around you may be a way to have something fun to do.

"thinking on your feet" "socializing ideas" defending, explaining, expanding upon 
what you want.

Jump starting your life requires other people.

11143203302023_seed527406

Another quarter of my sandwich down.

"network science" social networks cause conformity etc.

exploiting the network of social connections will help by decreasing the activation
energy of the process that you are going to get more out of the process and move
ahead. 

Get a search for people who want to have the things that you want and see what 
processes or procedures were followed in order to make them working.

Somewhere in the universe is the thing that you would want and it does indeed exist

Creation of map of process and procedures.

Confidence lectures/class.

If the person you are trying to model yourself after isn't currently present then 
use an amalgam of different people to make it work as an ensemble approach.

Timothy Wilson social psychologist lookup.

Pick decisions from your map of goals and do it within 5 seconds.

No circle will be "analyzing to death"












