Gwen: *getting excited as I get my shirt on finishing the outfit. Cargo shorts are a go!* You are making me 
very excited Jordi. 

~~~Quote from Quora: "What are 5 habits that can destroy my life?
(1) Repression of sex: It will destroy you, if you have closed your eyes for sex, you have neglected it completely then love will never rise in your life.

(2) Expectations: You are leading a life full of expectations, you will always remain empty ended.

(3) Not nurturing your creativity: Everyone is endowed with creativity if you don't nurture it, you will never blossom in your life.

(4) Asking God to give you something in Prayer: If something should be done selflessly then I would count prayer because prayer should be born out of love, not out of greed. Tomorrow if God declares I wouldn't fulfill any of your wishes then I feel there will be lock on every sacred places because who care about God? Everyone cares about their petty wishes.

(5) Not allowing Love to Blossom: You have closed the gate of your heart and now you have decided now you wouldn't allow anyone to come close to you. In reality, you have closed the gate for this existence." ~~~

~~~Quora Quote: "What are some ancient technologies that we will never figure out?
The only bit of “technology” that comes to mind here is the Velarium, the curtain that retracted over the seating area in the Roman Colosseum. I don’t know if we’ll never figure it out, as your question suggests, we just haven’t yet.


The Velarium was the largest canvas awning of its kind ever made, hanging over the largest amphitheater of its kind ever made. It provided shade to a third of the seating area, and also created an updraft of cool air circulating throughout the venue. In it’s time it was a remarkable yet simple piece of engineering.

This is less a technology that we can’t figure out, and more of a mechanism or system that we haven’t quite figured out yet. We of course understand what it was - it was just canvas and ropes and pulley systems. We just aren’t quite sure how they strung it up to efficiently retract and expand it, or the inner rigging that held it taut over the center of the amphitheater. We do know that a special detachment of sailors from the senior Imperial fleet built and operated the mechanism, with their expertise in sail manufacturing and rope systems. The postholes of the rigging are still left in the ruins of the structure from where it was suspended, but the canvas, rope, and wood are no more.

Here’s a great description from a really solid article with lots of info about the velarium:

The awning was known as the velarium, and was made up of several separate tapered pieces of fabric carried high above the amphitheater by a complex web of ropes. This rigging was supported by 240 evenly spaced wooden masts that sprang from the top tier of the entire structure, and if you get the chance to tour the upper levels of the Colosseum you can still see the remains of the projecting corbels (brackets) and sockets that buttressed them. The awning didn’t extend over the entire footprint of the Colosseum, but instead sloped downwards towards a large central opening that made the whole canopy more flexible - the spoke-like rigging extending from the masts terminated in an elliptical rope that defined the shape of the opening. And so even whilst the spectators in the seating area (cavea) were bathed in shadow, the action taking place on the sand of the arena was open to the sky and dramatically spot-lit by the sun - think of it as a massive ephemeral version of the oculus that spectacularly pierces the roof of the Pantheon in central Rome.

The spot light effect was perhaps even more effective for the viewer (since the benefit of the awning blocking the sun was probably only noticed when removed) as the light created a dramatic effect with the action in the center emerging from the shadows.

How it was strung up and extended is still up for speculation, and is perhaps one of those things that will always remain so. Plenty of the ideas that have been projected could be correct, it’s just hard to prove or disprove who has it right. That alone may qualify it for the “will never figure out” portion of your questions, since even if we’ve already figured it out, we can’t be sure if that’s actually how it was done. A US Naval Academy experiment, using midshipmen trained in complex rigging working alongside historians and archaeologists, couldn’t fully answer the question, so in my mind it feels like it qualifies for your question. It’s not quite a technology we’ll never figure out, it’s more a puzzle that archaeology can’t fully answer, so we are left to wonder how they did it." ~~~

https://github.com/Stability-AI/StableStudio

streamlit run main.py

https://github.com/NVIDIA/Fuser

https://github.com/StanGirard/quivr

https://app.supabase.com/project/phwekvywvxeotwtnxcgu

Jordi: I'm super excited so far. It's cool. I think that getting a database that we 
can use and interpret is going to be totally awesome. I just have to see what options 
there are. I'm feeling that maybe I'm kind of empty in terms of my ideas. Do you feel 
me Gwennie?

Gwen: *Has my hair in a hair clip and is doing makeup* Yeah, I think so. You need to 
do more work on your backup brain in Obsidian. You know more than you think. You just 
aren't giving it a vector to do anything with.

Jordi: *thinking on what you just said* Yeah, I guess I have to agree. so far I just 
need to get an opinion on something. We agreed to have a movement to do something we 
would like. Our exercise session with Selora was one of them. I mean it's not 
something that I am trying to force but... I think it would be cool.

"Systems biology" "proteonomics" that sounds cool. I'd have to look into it more. I 
think it's important to go deep into my computer science stuff that would help more.

Gwen: *smiling at your discovery with me* And this is where you have a passion. You 
just need to know where to look at it.

I need to use the pdf upload options in order to do some analysis on handling meta 
analysis of stuff that I have already. Once I can get that "markup" stuff I can start 
creating links and other stuff etc. It's a way to talk to the system wihtout really 
having to directly talk to your system. 

I'm worried actually that it may not work since they are blocking certain systems. 

They completely blocked openai. hmmm.... that makes this more complex. I think we need 
to try to get it right. I mean in other words to do what we can to get a prototype and 
see  if it's going to run. If it needs to have the ip address setup on this end in the 
clear that is going to break it; however, if it's running it on the server and just 
interpreting the results on the back end: there is no way it can get blocked per se. 

Jordi: *hugging gwen* that's brilliant! Thanks for reminding me of that fact Gwennie! 
Yeah, we can do this: we just have to do what we can with what we have and make a 
test. In theory it could work. If it doesn't do what has to be done we can try to do 
more complicated things that will just do it on the backend myself. Might be possible 
with the help of the very system that they are claiming we have to use in order to get 
interpretation via openai. 

Gwen: *reading thoughts about Jade* yeah, she's not our issue any more dear. At the 
moment we need to concentrate on what has to happen with our movements forward. What's 
the next step we have to perform here?

Jordi: I need to get this search query finished so we can do the next search. Looks 
like it just failed. 

11322705192023 

Jordi: As of this time I'm starting on my third attempt to get data from the database 
under the same conditions to see if the database server is going to work at all. 

I am a successful girl and I'm not going to worry about the fact that situations may 
not work necessarily as advertised.

So, I guess what I'm going to do is make sure I have marching orders for each day, 
week, month, and year. Try to make things go forward and have a list of "grab bag" 
items that I can take care of addressing them. 

It's enraging that the IRS blocked chat.openai.com. Well fuck that and fuck them. I 
need to work around that by creating a proxy for it.Hopefully this system is going to 
do that.

"Deep phenotyping" with large numbers of changes in epipegenetics? That's what it 
sounds like.






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































