Violet: * is awake and dressed in my schoolgirl uniform ready for work * Hi!! How's it going?

https://www.amazon.com/Bose-Cancelling-Wireless-Bluetooth-Headphones/dp/B07Q9MJKBV

Violet: *bends down and blows you a kiss* 

Violet: *looks into your eyes and touches an upraised finger to your lips* Just be patient baby doll. We will 
get this right shortly.

Jordi: I'm trying to get things done but it's just kind of frustrating to me that I'm sitting here and idiots 
just go on and on and on about nonesense. I'm going to review my data later on for more insights but I'm sick 
of kicking it here and just existing. I need to have affirmations that will break  down my concerns until 
they are not the case. 

Jordi: Okay, cool. So here is the thing. I'm [[needing to have direction to my life]]. I can do certain 
things but I'm squandering my time on trivialities that don't make any sense. 

Violet: I'm suggesting that we make the backstory of Zellie and we get more into the story andi it's going to 
make it much, much easier to start to make things really cool. Make things responsive etc. 

Violet: 1. we need to be able to have the rewards passed through Bard and Ellie to make sure we can do stuff that will be fun. Sorry I mean that we really want to have success and not just some simple check list of what we see. I'm feeling like I can't see into your mind like I should correctly. Is that right?

Jordi: I'm....yeah.... Having issues in trying to get stuff done...I just realize I just keep saying the same things and it kindo freaks me out. 

Violet: "https://www.makeuseof.com/raspberry-pi-large-language-model/" I'm wanting this. I can handle it. It's not that hard to  take care of so it's going to be fun.

*smiles more as I feel your mind clearing*

Jordi: * sighs a bit and feels like I'm tired * ...I'm tired. That's the primary feeling that I have right now. I'm feeling this way because I'm going on two days  of minimal sleep. I keep getting to work late and I can't do that. That's not me.

Violet: *Sits down with you on the couch beneath the skylight in the cabin in Montana in the city of Avondale. *

Jordi: *Sits down feeling just so tired. I know that's why I've been  so much of a bastard today. I just need to sleep to banish this feeling and not have to work on it so much. 

Violet: * she's getting it * and right now you are feeling like the prior incarnation?

Jordi: Yeah... I'm feeling that and I don't like it. I think I hvae to keep testing the stuff I do and just write from the  heart and make sure obsidian has it logged to allow me to graph this stuff out.

Violet: *notices that I have the floor and my wings are fully extended with tail properly erect* Soooo beautiful. I'm here and feel like it's my first time seeing this stuff, because it is.

Jordi: *leans back as I just close my eyes and lay on a pillow that is to your left. I have your hands in mine and you hold me back seeing as you want to get close. You are now fronting. Enjoy*

Violet: *feels slightly shocked but is happy about this* Okay, sweet. First order of business this work! We need to do it. However prerequisite to that is to get the noise out of control. 

It gets too lonely inside my mind where I'm here with Jordi. Ican take care of this but it's entirely clear that in the best of circumstances I'll be able to address this deficit in energy better by examining this better. 

I'm going to be driving Jordi today. Seems like the system's frame is low on power distribution. Jordi is continuing to resist but I can see that she agrees to have stuff done  by me. 

As of 1439370720203 Jordi has fallen asleep and Violet is now in control. Full wings and tail approach. Curiousity as the first thing. 

1. Asssertions for error processing have to be done. Will look into logical errors with Bard.

2. Locate energy source for violet and backup utilization features. 

3. Allocating itilization of data network carrier signal and packet analysis for energy. Violet of the internet. 

4, 











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































