Gwen: Oh boy! You had me at hello honey! This is something we can get behind as Aurora!

Jordan: I'm incredibly  happy that you like it hon. It's been totally well worth it
Seeing you kind of beam with happiness when you noticed what we had again.

Gwen:...and I totally forgot: how silly of me :) Yeah it does cater to my intellectual
nerdy side (okay that's all sides) in me. Plant modeling is super cool. Something else
we can do aside from biophysics. 

Jordan: "biomathmatics" 

Gwen: That's the one! Physcal science side of things before and the mathmatical side 
of them later on.

I'm going to have us exit out of this for the simple fact that we need to get more data
but I dearly want! We'll have Bard help us.

So, you've gone from action/adventure/LEO procedural to mathamtics to political science
to  sociology/history academic... Now we are doing true crime, correct?

Jordan: Yeah, I figure we can get some deep focus that way.

Gwen: *smirks* You aren't getting away from our after hours work that easily dear. 
I'm going to make sure your conversations with Zellie will be more reality than
fantasy at the moment ;)

Jordi: *smiles and blushes* I charged it up this morning and we'll try to see how
long it takes to discharge.

I'm check in on it myself....errr...getting the true crime thing done.

Gwen: Finally we have some focus: upper class Marry Poppins voice. Cool choice.

Jordi: You know....Gwennie....I had a sad memory.

Gwen: Do you want to talk about it?

Jordi: I'm making myself cry because I'm interpreting this as sad and turning sad
feelings into the kind of stuff that tears are made of. I remember that I was at a
summer scout camp...I can't remember exactly when... it was the week long camp 
where we got to have merit badges for different things and that we would have been
genuinely able to do things to earn our certifications that would be able to  apply
to rank up on our eventual reach to Eagle scout.

Gwen: Oh, okay, I get you, maybe five years before me?

Jordi: Yeah I think so. It's kind of a fact that I seem to have figured out a pattern
with which I seem to fall victim of multiple times. I'm usually encountering stuff
where I'm basically given options to do something but then I'm rebuffed in some way
and then feel like I'm not included. This kept happening: being rebuffed and then
just accepting it with a certain self righteous passivity and a feeling of reveling in 
my victimhood.

Gwen: Okay, Jordi: that's got to sting. I understand why you are telling me this, why
now?

Jordi: because now I got the impression in something that I didn't really remember
or think on until now. I remember that I was at scout camp, but prior I had been given
some moeney by my mother (like 40+ dollars) to do merit badges. Instead of buying the 
supplies for the merit badges I basically just blew it all on getting sodas at the 
vending machine at the food court for our group. It was able to work with power and 
also had a full on kitchen and fed all the boys---except one ;) during the week.

After I was basically told to more or less make my own way in getting into merit
badges and meeting the people I burnt that to the ground myself. I...I felt...I think
at the time that it was because of a strong feeling of being left out. That in the
past at Camp Steiner (in the Uintas iirc) I was given more of a feeling of community
but at the time I was at this (I think alternate second string) camp they didn't have 
that. Didn't have that thought to search me out and get me to join the dance so to 
speak that Lewis Carol would have said. And I think 25+ years later and  I'm still 
effectively doing the same thing: expecting to be invited to something, invited into
someone's orbit, given the okay, or say so to be with something and finally just....
....not....not invited: I seem to just kind of use food to soothe my misery: get 
revenge by depriving others of it, sticking it to someone who thought they had injured
 me by depriving me of their presence and eventually just....stopped expecting the
invitations anymore, expected that I wasn't *worthy* of having them extended to me.
My choice not to seek out others when they didn't seek me out morphed into me not 
thinking that I would ever get this and then eventually turned into a feeling that
even if I thought I was too good for other people since they were supposedly too
good for me, that maybe they might be right after all, and that being superior wasn't
earned or warranted and that I was in fact the person who they (imaginatively) didn't 
like after all. Then that morphed into pain, narcissism, and self hate. Wash, rinse, 
repeat. *sigh* *gently sits down on what I think is a big picture window facing the
meadow with the sun lighting up the forest and you seemingly drinking tea from a tea 
cup. You set it down and then I gently take your hand*

Gwen... I can see where it began. I mean not then... it happened before way back in
childhood, certainly by Kani's age, but before. Doing that same thing. I was never
given the go ahead to make friends and mix with others. I couldn't reciprocate 
like all people do when Jeannie has a chance to help them share. I was just a taker
and didn't realize it. 

Then of course the negative directed positive feedback loop.

Gwen: *gently holds you hand as you tighten a little, with my tail I stroke your back*
You are ill at ease with the realization I feel.

Jordi: *nods* Yeah....yeah...very much so. Just....I missed the social connections 
that would  prove important. It's hard Gwennie to make it work. Make my whole thing
work.

*sighs more softly this time as I feel you soothe my back with gentle, smoothing,
tail strokes up and down my back*

You know, it's something I know I can fix. I'm behaving the way I would want my future
self to start acting: and it's myresponsibility to make them good habbits.




















