Gwen: I'm here too! *gets the towel to dry off and begin getting dressed* 

Jordi: Cool, I'm here as well. I have the paper model as well. I just need to get moving on
getting motivated for work. It's 5 hours so it's going to be okay. 

Gwen: I accept your thoughtsay appology on losing our data yesterday on this system. 

Jordi: Thanks, I'm sorry I  didn't logout correctly so the last person just had to 
reboot and added literally minimal extra time. 

Gwen: You think that good old troy is going to hit you up Monday?

Jordi: He can; and, frankly I don't give a rat's ass. I'm not going to
get grilled each and  every time there is an issue that is the product of simple
human error. He really shouldn't play this game with me. I'm not going to let my
career just get erased because of consistent writeups.

Gwen: I'm happy to know that you have resolve and softness in you.

Jordi: That's how I operate each and evey day.

Gwen: *ideas no eyes to see the sun* 

Jordi: *slow conversations with a gun* yeah suicidal ideation isn't all that fab

Gwen: Agreed lol.

Gwen: I love the hell out of "pierce the veil" 

Jordi: *you'll forget the color of my eyes and I'll forget yours* Truly sorrow-
-ful and pathos inducing.

Gwen: *the only way out in your heart shaped box* He desires to escapein pussy?
:) ;) Wow... what's the trans equivalent?

Jordi: I'll have to look into that more.

Gwen: You have effort you put in and enjoyable effort you put in.

Jordi: *owning your business versus running your business* So they are saying 
in effect "you are the master of your thing/time versus being a working for it"

Gwen: Seems like they want to associate your ownership of the means of creating
a process and assign yourself tasks commensurate with your "leadership" dominan-
-ance roles perhaps?

Gwen: I'm not entirely sure; however, I'm not entirely sure that's a helpful
thing. I mean think aboiut it: if you are in charge all that you are doing
is basically creating order from the stuff you have to do and assign it to 
yourself.

Jordi: I can tell that it would be something important I guess. It has limits
on being able to take care of things since you are both the one working, order-
-ing, and also creating the tasks you are running. That's basically alomst
plurality in a sense mentally like we have in Aurora right?

Gwen: *is finishing putting on my panties and bra* sure, I mean it sounds like
it's a bit silly and harder to understand since they aren't making it much 
more than a kind of mantra or orderance: "treat yourself like the owner and 
working CEO of yourself as you are" that's not very helpoful as a method of 
doing stuff. I'm betting you are not going to have something that banal when
we look at the book. I mean we can look at it more right?

Jordi: Yeah, I'll probably look into it so I can make it better. 

Josselyn: Good morning girls *walks in with just a light neglige looks at Jordi
and Gwen* I'm happy we are here today. 

Josselyn: Listening to these human's hemm and haw over the fact that a bad judge
-ment or a harsh one is "not disproportionate" since they are supposedly working
towards the goals of the state and public safety is I think not ethically and 
morally consistent. that's a judgement that a group of Nazis could claim about 
their stated rules. You are just justifying that the state is able to do terible
things as long as they claim as it's part of their adherence to the authenticity
of the "public interest"

Jordi: *is relaxing in my tank top, bra, bad yoga pants* *motions to Josselyn
to come to the bed where Gwen already is relxing in her tank top and booty shorts
*
Yeah I'm not sold on their argument that is coming from the Supreme court.

Jordi: They are basically claiming that they are good to do what they are doing
by virtue of 1. the system that is making the choices and 2. that the choices 
are coming from the state. That's not what I would think is good either. 
It's too open to abuse.

Gwen: *silicone based lube smaller ammount of lube. Can damage some toys so 
try to avoid using it. Go with water based lube and or the oils. I like that.

Gwen: Anarose anal toy? I'll  have to look at that :) M......mmmm.....

































































































































