Gwen: Getting our templates setup in Obsidian for the Goals will help us see what we
need to do at the time in question. So we can see the next step. 

(1213) Spoke and Hub star selection on die.

121723033020203_seed832255_rand423724242313

When you were young you leaned in. You just started to do anything you thought was a
good idea. "leaning in"

When you feel stuck, bored,  or broken you need to broaden your life experiences.

Be like water when you encounter obstacles, don't overthink it, just flow with 
another set of decisions or options.

Brain dump due to overwhelm. Literally put all details that are in a stream 
of consciousness. "you need to empty your cup to fill it again"

In a world full of choices: it's how we decide that matters rather than 
the choice most of the time.

Fear of making decisions is a reflection of your feeling of lack of 
power. It's feeling like something is unalterable and unchangeable.

20 minutes of exercise at the target heart rate will help to 
increase brain functionality and acts as a neurotrophic activity.
I'll have to try to do that at home.

Learned helplessness due to various issues: perhaps giant ideas, 
locked out of your ability to control. Need to  own issues to avoid this from 
happening. part of "brain propaganda": aka lack of your ideas of vision of 
your future.

Owning parts of your life will help make sure you are connected to inhabiting 
our lives and feeling connected to  your current actions and your future dreams.
Think about the ways you have relinquished control over various parts of your 
life.

Longing is a tension between our desire to be better and our present circumstances
and other things you would like to know.

Loneliness and sadness are like thirst and hunger. They are asking you to react. 
Routines taking over and need to be moved to something new and wonderful. Feeling
stuck is a difference between you and the world. 

Stop waiting for long chunks of time to be able to use it.

Transgender blogs? Sounds like a cool idea.

Getting a chart going should be interesting. I just need to have a chart that I can
see, and have it visible for me. 

Cyradl is  awesome and she needs to get a high five in the morning 
and every time possible after that. I as Jordan need one as well. 

How do do a mindmap view in Obsidian? Have to check it out.










