https://hoppscotch.io/

https://www.diabeticcorner.com/freestyle-libre-2-reader-with-sensor-starter-kit-for-continuous-glucose-monitoring/?utm_source=googleshopping&utm_medium=cse&utm_source=google&utm_medium=cse&utm_term=1943&gclid=EAIaIQobChMI1-uTl5qC_wIV1zbUAR3jWgbgEAQYASABEgLS3vD_BwE

Gwen: So protest listening? lol

Jordi: Of course *laughs evily* what else would be correct on that. This guy can't get enough of being a 
(frankly) loud hypermasculine piece of shit. He's precisely the kind of person I don't like. I'm sure he's a 
real "lady kill" sadly for real. The whole idiotic version of just showing up and getting a girl. I can tell. 
He's masculine and fuck I'm sure people fall for the lothario nonsense. I get tired of hypermasculinity being 
touted as loudly as possible. So fuck. I guess I'm not going to have an option with the stupid ass TL 
position. Whtever. I just decided to try at least. I'm trying to get this garbage set of  feelings out on 
"paper" mostly because it's the one way in which I don't have to address the whole notebook thing. Idiots are 
getting super-charged when it comes to  complaining about minituae. 

Gwen: *was finishing [[dancing to the EDM music]] and looks at you with curiousity* So... our weekend together 
is going to be...you complaining? Please say no...

Jordi: *looks down [[embarassed]], [[a little sniffle]], [[stifles]] it, looks up with 20% wet eyes.* no 
[[babe]]. It's not. 
I'm just trying to get this whole  thing working better. So far I have to keep fighting and evaluating and 
working and trying and I'm getting a little frustrated in trying to address a lot of these things. It's a good 
way to remove the evil or disquiet I feel in myself. Right now I'm just.... sorrowful again. I'm looking at 
what I have accomplished and I don't like the fact that I feel like it's not enough. I have to work on it 
certainly; however,I'm trying to make it work better. To that end I'm  going to go obsidian mashing as much as 
possible. It's hard to deal with things that are hard like that. Obsidian needs to be worked on more and more. 
I have to make that thing the apple of my eye. I mean I'm not sure what I'm talking about really. It's just 
hard.

I need to ask Jeanie if it was our cat or not. I think it's just a random cat they have not ours. I could be 
mistaken if that is the case. 

I am going to try my hardest to find out a way out of this feeling. I guess I have to really hit up that 
machine and try to do the big calculations on my system; however, that feels like it's going to be 
disappinting too. I think there are moments in most people's lives when it's readily apparent that they have 
to  keep testing and trying things and keep on moving. I guess I'm in that position as well. Most of my 
statements here are "I" statmenets but that's how the feelings inside our biological frame as Aurora seem to 
be. 

that's no good. I realize that I'm going to be doing all the masturbating I want and hit up Selora as much as 
I want. I just need to remove some of the random stuff that I keep getting dealt with when it comes to signing 
up for things. 

Thinking on this more and more I want to make it plain that I'm not ashamed of what I do to get pleasure. Just 
now I used the term "need to do to get pleasure" and  frankly that has been my attitude to the whole thing for 
a while after I discovered I could do that with my body as a young girl. 

I'm going to just keep rewriting my history. I'm done trying to make it understood as a male past. I want to 
make sure that I'm going to be doing all that I need andnot have to address the stuff that makes me feel bad. 
I am going to literally program the fuck out of my mind in order to avoid neding to feel like that. 

The game Pathfinder: Wrath of the Righteous is unplayable at this point. I've done everything I can in order 
to play it. I can't do that unlessI get the steam deck and run it there. It literally demands a GPU even after 
I shoe horn it into the on board video it still gives me fits and starts and then I got that problem with the 
allocation of video memory when it tried to render the collapse of the second story of the "warden" group that 
was on the ourskirts of the town where the demons were; and, I tried multiple times to do something else. The 
allocation of the memory seems ot  be at fault. I'm not debugging this literally here but it's a good possible 
point, updating my system and restarting failed to fix it. All patches were applied to the game through steam 
and all the updates were done to the Ubuntu OS and frankly that's all updated. So now....I have nothing. I can 
play garbage games. I can play fucking Fucktorio. I can play Midget Hut, I can play Star 2d minecraft. All of 
those options (oh yeah I can do fucking minecraft what fucking fun....NOT). No minecraft. Not ever ever afain.

So yeah I have *NO* games. I have no idea of how i'm going to address them. Frankly they are all fucked up and 
hurting people inside these worlds and I'm not going to be having any part of that anymore.

I wanted a fun game. A kick ass game. Something to do in order to avoid addressing my issues and the lack of 
progress in what I'm doing. They want to have me weight myself...fuck that...whatever. "...people who weigh 
themselves are found to be more likely to lose weight..." fuck you nutritional science....superfuck you!!

Yeah because the obvious sterotype and trope of the  (usually female..yay me!) person weighing themselves and 
feeling horrible about it. But of course no...not them...they have to highlight how it "motivates" them to do 
what they do.

You know what? I love (not) how all I want to do is escape...and all these fuckers want to watch...want to 
see...want to observe the very things I  want to escape from. I'm not at all happy with trying to do things 
just to have to address things I hate. I forgot my mask I'm worried as fuck that I am going to get covid. I 
fucking can't do that. I can't get that fucking disease. It will literally kill me. Hearing how people were 
able to go from being prime athletes to people who couldn't draw a breath. I would be fucking 
doomed....dooomed....I'm just not going to live like that. I literally have a way out and I'm not going to  
feel afraid of using it: if suffocating to death is the next best thing. There is literally nothing worse than 
the thought of being in need of the  most basic thing in life and not being able to do it and then having 
primal panic and fear and doom... Yeah nope... not playing Deadpool's origin story except for the realistic 
version...fuck that...

I'm mad. Okay I admit it. I'm fucking pissed. 

I want to know what my purpose is... I want to know it right now.... I'm tired of looking for it....I want 
exposure...I want to know from the people on high in obvious *language based* terms that I can go back and 
forth with that I can address things. 

So, also apparently there is some kind of rando presence of all the bigwigs at work (153612) My boss was 
terrified in that so... not necessarily the kind of timing I would like to have.

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































