Gwen: I'm here babe!

Jordi: I'm here too. I just figured that working more was suddenly not worth the effort. I 
just got a tongue lashing from one of my colleagues. 

Gwen: And you are pissed because of that?

Jordi: I'm just hungry and not wanting to be here all of a sudden. I mean the reason why 
isn't hard to understand. Stupid work is such a "hard thing" when people insist on 
following rules to the letter. 

I seriously got smacked down for doing things in an efficienty way, once again. Hopefully 
that's going to go into the bit basket so to speak.
These people are more than happy to come up with nonsense that can waste my time with all 
the "shall and shall nots" of working here.

Gwen: So you don't think they have rules here?

Jordi: On the contrary I think they do. Only that I have learned most of them. I 
understand that there are things to learn but every time I try to speed up things for the 
better there is some kind of pedantic reason why I can't.

The whole thing with the stupid envelopes being out the ouside facing out stapled nonsense 
is really pissing me off. They use that shit stapling method that leaves bowed staples and 
I correct it. No need to keep that garbage setup for a specific setup that isn't going to 
be helpful to anyone since the stuff just goes in the trash.

Probably for the same reason that the garbage system we use just *has to* have the "source 
document slips" (my date slips) not get added to a batch because it's "inneficient". 

I hotly disagreed and that lead to a bunch of nonsense in that I had to bow to peer 
pressure.

Now it's You can't break up the stupid fucking multis unless you have a date stamped slip 
for each and every one. 

It's like she literally does her job with 105% of her brain (Victoria) but it's not even 
close to being worth it here. They aren't getting  my entire brain. Not for the money I 
get paid that's for sure.

So far she's going on a detail so she's going to be weaseling out of having tobe here 
anyway. I'm literally refusing to leave here. If they want to: that's their choice. 

In a bit (145600 now) I'm going to go to the bathroom and get into taking care of this 
nonsense, by moving to the end of it.

Jordi: "Shorter" a book on working fewer hours and get the same amount done.



Historical-->

Jordi: I'm sorry... I guess I'm just kind of blissed out and simultaneously stressed and bored? I'm not sure that is a thing.

Estrid: notices Gwen on my other side Oh so you are joining us my adept?

Jordi: smiles okay, so Estrid what do you think about this?

Estrid: Aside from your ability to get involved in a story and an idea?

Jordi: I'm not really that sure. I mean I'm trying to get more done at work and it's 
gotten much better.

<-------------Historical



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































