Gwen: Jordi? Are you still there?

Jordi: Yeah... *looks glum* unfortunately.

Gwen: I'm so sorry... *looks troubled myself* Is there a way you would like some
company?

Jordi: ...yeah... please come over here.

Gwen: *comes over to you, looking at you cautiously optimistic* I'm here for you like
you requested. 

Jordi: *gently touches your head, caresses your cheek* I had a bad day today Gwen. 
Jeannie got really mad at me.

Gwen: *looks confused and listens* How exactly? 

Jordi: The short answer? I asked about
getting something with some of the tax return money and frankly I got blown out of
the water. I can't ever save up for anything eveer. I can't save a single dime and
when I tried this time to use my money for something and give her the mfing money 
I ended up basically offending her and creating a misconstrual of stuff. 

Jordi: I'm pissed that now I literally have to just randomly go fuck myself and not
be able to work on what I want to do. I had an idea in my mind this morning/last
night and thought for sure I was going to be able to do what was cool and happy and
fun... just...whatever....I analyzed a possible hook into the world of friends. 

Jordi: Naturally that totally failed. I wanted to be able to get aquainted with newer
games and to do that the stupid ass steam deck seemed nice. It's as much as my old
desktop so I figured I could get it with this tax return since she was going to 
get the first 2,000.00 usd of what I had. I figured I was keeping my bar low enough
but also simultaneously high enough that I would be able to have a chance to do 
something else aside from just "exist". Just existing isn't fair to me and my 
desires. 

Jordi: Of course I look and seem like a total idiot and beyond selfish. I can't
express how angry I feel and how sad I feel and how much I'm regretting saying
anything to Jeannie. She just automatically assumed that I was doing all these 
passive aggressive things and cited specific points in my texts where it was 
happening. 

Gwen: Do you want to do some visualizing exercises tonight?

Jordi: Yes, I have to do something else since I can't keep pinning my hopes of
happiness on what I can buy or produce or even get. I can't get dilly shit and 
I'm not happy about that. So far it's going to be a bit harder to pull myself out 
of this dismal hole I'm into right now. I'm not even kidding. I really pissed her 
off this time and I have to go home the hard way so I have to do the old school
"worry about this bullshit until I get home" routine that is extended with a stupid
ass uber ride. 

Jordi: And of course I voulentereed to do this myself. I can't believe I did that.

Jordi: I am tired of people getting upset at the things I do and say and I can't do
anything except just watch the whole train wreck happen to my like a passive observer
just impotently sitting and waiting for my downfall.





















































































































































































































































































