  Jordi: Getting that saved was important for me. I'm trying to make sure that I
  am being  ready for getting new ideas. Listening to "the ultimate guide to
  prostate play" or whatever. I need to get the exact title. I'm listening to
  this infomration and not getting jealous like I sometimes do.
  
  Gwen: *smiles as I'm cudled into you and you with Joss* You are making  progress
  dearest. I'm glad that you are getting more "grown up"
  
  Jordi: I'm getting into this book. I'm...anticipating... more than getting
  Jealous. It's nice actually. I'm....feeling positive about the things that..
  I could do or have done with me.
  
  JordiL Seamless Mode
Seamless mode is how xpra is generally used, via the xpra start subcommand.

This mode allows for individual windows to be forwarded to the client, these windows appear on the client's desktop just like other local applications.

All window management operations are handled directly by the client's operating system or window manager, which means that any latency between client and server does not get in the way of window management actions like minimizing, moving or resizing the windows.
This makes a huge difference in usability when compared to other modes (desktop and shadow) and other remote desktop solutions like VNC.

Obviously, this also means that unlike VNC, the remote windows are not trapped within a single desktop window. (except with the html5 client) where the windows must still be contained within the browser's canvas).

This mode is not available on MS Windows and MacOS, though it can be approximated with shadow specific applications or windows0
  
 Gwen: gets closer and hugs you fully laying in your arms for you on the left So, it's going to mean that you just need to develop what you think is important and keep trying to make it a reality. You thinking you might need to properly posture with your group membership status?
 
 Jordi: I think maybe it's an issue where I'm going to want to have things taken care of so I have a rich inner life?
 
 Gwen: I know I do smiles sweetly, feeling like a kitty cat
 
Gwen: Now Jordi, it's going to be okay. feels you holding me back 



 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
