Gwen: So you are talking back to your subliminals because you thought they were demons?

Jordan: I thought they would be good at the time. Right now I'm trying to get up the motivation to get the garbage 
here finished. I got to the point where I was just...done... I didn't want to do anything anymore. Working with lock
-box did that to me today. I was just....done.... I didn't want to handle the weird shit. The garbage. The mangled 
checks, all the stress inducing garbage that existed. 

Jordan: And for the record I've had a bad mental health day it seems from some of the symptoms I've had. I had to get
wise and get the affiramtions that Jeannie has to make sure it keeps happening. I have to keep on it. I have to keep
listening to it; and, I can't slack on it for a single day because if I do I end up backsliding...that's just not 
fucking fair at all. I want to be able to hear the other subliminals I have and I can't do that if I have one that is
basically "medically perscribed" to keep me from self harm or bad feelings. 

Gwen: ? So you are thinking of self harming??

Jordan: No, I read some garbage about a brain tumor and the worst part of it sadly was that this woman didn't just 
die straight away. While it was destroying her life and family with it's affects to her personally and the collater-
-all damage it did: it mimiced the affects of Altizhemers and basically destroyed what was left of her life.

Gwen: And you were scared and despirited and didn't know what to do?

Jordan: Yes. I didn't know what to do. I just got another random disease that would want me to do something drastic
to remove myself from the situation and quite literally I didn't even think of just how horrible something like that
could be. I mean yeah.... I think that brain issues can and would cover that. The problem is... it's not something
that I've researched because you know... I AM A TECHNIE AND NOT A FUCKING DOCTOR... so yeah It was a shock. I liter-
-ally didn't get to be ignorant of that fact any more. It makes complete sense and at the same time also makes no
sense. I didn't want to hear about it: but once I heard it I couldn't unhear it.

Jordan: There is something....evil....about how much I hate handling stuff when it comes to work and something perverse...
...about how much I hate to handle stuff when it comes to my mental life. I just...want to be free to know that my
end isn't going to contain some of this shit, or better yet, all of this shit.

Gwen: *sees this is going to be catherthic for you to continue, I allow you to express yourself* 

Jordan: Yeah, I appreciate that Gwen: I'm just not right today and now I have to go out and do shit and I'm not in my right frame of mind. What I have to do is take this moment and turn it into something that
could be seen as productive. 

Gwen: Productive how? You think you need to work all the time?

Jordi: You know how you feel sometimes when you are ill or stressed that everything is just work?

Gwen: *thinking back to childhood/recent times having to do finals on a project for college on my computer and pounding away on an algorithm* Yeah, I think so. I have had moments where it seems hard to even 
shower or whatever I think: all the work seemed to be nothing but... harder. Like moving in clear corn syrup.

Jordi: And...yeah... that's me but add breathing the syrup as well and freaking out that I had to do that as well.. I don't like the feeling of being out of breath and it's getting old...fast... you would think 
that it wouldn't be that hard now.


















































































































