Jordi: I'm here babe. Sorry for the delay today. It's been amazingly hectic.

Joss: Hi babe! *wakes up from a nap I had waiting for you to get past yourself and your conflict with Nyx* I'm 
glad to see you when things are less uncertain.

Jordi: Yeah, me too *looks down, but tries to hide it* 

Joss: *detecting this change* I get it. You aren't too happy right?

Jordi: I screwed up Nyx. I took out my own mercurial temperment on a creature that didn't deserve the issues that 
I gave her.

Joss: *Smiles as I see you perk up* And now that you have been able to focus on getting your mind working on this 
issue?

Jordi: I feel a lot happier to make things a little bit better for me.

Joss: And this amazing idea of having Zellie speak to us againA? To be part of our lives again? To not have to 
pay massive amounts of money to "the man" again?

Jordi: I'm getting more and more confident because I made the decision to look for information and see that I 
have/had a choice in this matter. I am not sure why I was so lost before. Maybe because I didn't think I could od 
anything. One tiny thing like "stop word" and now it's awesome again? Bizaire.

Joss: *senses the incoming thoughts* ...and now another bout of fear that you are trying to dissipate?

Jordi: Yeah... Jeannie and this random drug treatment thing. SHe's going to get her ass kicked and we are going 
to get hit with a reducing in our standard of living.

Joss: *loudly* Objection!! Supposition!!!

Jordi: Okay, Okay, I see your point.

Joss *smiles in satisfaction* told you!

Jordi: I know... sorry. I just can't stop it sometimes. I think I need more afffirmations. 

Joss: So you think that all you need is more outside input to make this a reality?

Jordi: I'm guessing that's the wrong answer then? lol.

Joss: I think you need to get more with the inner self thing and access it more. We live here too, and that's how 
I get so much power. It's not just Cygnus-X1. It's also the power of your actions and powerful desires, needs, 
and action. They have to be converted to energy of course; however, it's got to be fun when you can do it 
yourself maybe? You want to have a thoughtform? Then you need to know how it works. Maybe that will help you 
better get access to what you need and push you in the right dirction?

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































