"It's time to see nature and it's many faces and changes." Josselyn Ennie

Kani: Oh cool, so you want me to talk to your mate mom?

Jordi: Yes Kani, I'm wondering if it's not too much of an imposition to do that with my help today. I know the 
music is kind of loud now.

Kani: Sure I get that, but it's okay. You do all the best stuff for me and with me mom, you put up with me being 
so little and yet trying to grow up right. Kind of like two things at once. And you are like 8 things at once?

Jordi: Maybe. It's where you live and mommy Joss, Estrid, Rissy, Velvet, Gwen, Cyradyl, and I think our 
administrator. 

Kani: *looks at you with approval* that's freaking awesome! I'm glad you were able to be that flexible and big 
inside our mind palace like that. Our whole family is in there?

Jordi: Yes, little one. My Kiki. it's all inside. I don't get to talk to  you much about some of the specifics 
but I do tend to try to want to get you to see all the stuff I might  not have seen when I was your age. All the 
fun things and the huggies and all of that. I know you aren't exactly little but you are in between and it's from 
here on that stuff gets a little tougher and I want to make sure it keeps from making you too hard like an icky 
boy.

Kani: *makes a face* I'm not a boy!

Jordi: I know *hugs Kani* that's why you got me to help you with the girl vitamins and all that. You deserve to 
be yourself and not someone else.

I wanted to ask you specifically about what you think perfect happiness means for you now?

Kani: *thinks* Ummmmm well to be with you, to have fun, do cool things, get a chance to spend time with my books, 
my computer, my aunts, friends, basically see all the stuff that I can and keep moving. See how much of the world 
I can get in each day. Play until it gets dark and I have dirt underneath my nails. To have played in the fields 
and talked with my tulpa friends as we play fun games and try to make huggy connections. It's... hard to explain: 
being free, yet knowing I'm just close enough to you that I don't have to fear something going wrong. I get to do 
something new each day and then write about it. I think that's what you missed doing huh mom?

Jordi: *sniffles a little but hides it* Yeah, sweetie. Exactly, I did stuff but I didn't get to know about it 
being important until later. Too late to capture it. But it never disappears. Once you light that spark it can go 
anywhere you can go. Like a laser to light another combustion and start a new fire.

That's what I wanted to do with this family: start a new fire in a place where others can see our light and we 
can grow. Do something with that light before bigger forces try to take it away.
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































