Jordi: I'm going out on a limb and saying that I need to do this tonight. I'm not going to 
get a "fair shake" by being a whiner.  that's never good for the most part. 

Jordi: I'm going to make sure that I ask bard to basically "Hello Bard! Could you please 
format the following resume here to be it's best fit for a job. The resume will be 
Document1 and Document2 will come next." *lists Document1 in ascii text for the resume 
after getting converted from pdf again* and *lists Document2 in ascii text from the web 
page for the job bid* I would also want to run the localgpt program to have it setup to do 
that. Maybe have it go as a private github listing and have that go on a kind of script to 
run/scan/and then interpret based on a question fielded from a file itself.

I'm totally done on fighting trying to make it work beyond that. I think I need to create 
that Resume as a base resume first and then go for broke on the second. I'm going to do 
that with each and every resume I have. So far running data on a google cloud vm itself is 
prohibitively expensive. 

Gwennie: *got this* So. 1) get your newest resume downloaded from usa jobs. 2) conert that 
resume to ascii using pdftotext in arch 3) copy and paste full job description or "print 
to pdf" and then convert to text via (2), 4)  introduce the question we have earlier of 
bard with the document1 and document2 exemplars 5) take resulting data to the system and 
or 6) re-enter the data from the end of this process; or, take data from the resume at the 
beginning and use the formatter/wizard and then perform steps 1-5

Jordan: Yeah, I'm wanting to get this started and have it work the way I want. I need to 
take the "analysis paralysis" and "decision fatigue" or "decision burnout" or "decision 
fear" and get this done a little more efficiently.

Gwen: I get you *holds you close* you want to be like me, but you are getting issues with 
being able to get past the burnout and annoyance of the stumbling blocks?

Jordi: That's about the long and short of it. I'm not all that groovy on this so far. I 
will keep going on with my next steps but I think I need to get this stuff listed in 
Obsidian as fast as possible when I run into it. So I can see the steps in text. Add the 
data. Link the data, and hopefully get some concept of what to do next to get me to push 
forward. So far I'm getting pushed formward due to negativity. 

Jordi: So far these people are more intersted in money than in having a relief from the 
burden of 8 hours of work a day. I don't think I'm like that. I'm not so concerned about 
getting the more money thing when I have to sacrifice what I'm doing during the day or how 
it's structured. 

My concern so far is that I am not really moving forward though.  I like to read and all 
that but It's not nearly so fruitful or helpful to my goals to do things that I feel might 
be my passion. 

Gwennie: I'm going to change the subject since you are thinking of it right now as well. You have that whole Kira thing. Right?

Jordi: Yeah, I was thinking of her. it inevitably comes up for me that she's on my mind. I'm kind of analyzing myself in a way that wants to give this the power it needs to have.

Gwnnie: So, you aren't sure what to think of different goals you have and how to approach them. 

Jordi: I guess so. It can't be either or. I'm not that kind  of unprincipled person that I 
would sacrifice one of the people in my life for the other (Jeannie or Kiera) but I'm 
looking at how I need to behave topwards both of them. So far. Getting the Ai thing 
autoamted (the localgpt pipeline idea versus using the Bard/ChatGPT one), is taking over 
my mind right now. I have to get another one of these applications buttoned up and fuck 
it. I'm tired of seeing people just randomly leave me in the dust. The situation here is 
being made to look like a minor one. 
Minor in the sense that it's literally not keeping anyone. They just want more money. Well 
sure money is good but other things are important.

Gwennie: I think it's important to note that you should look out for you and your and not 
what some other random people you know barely enough to determine what you think you know 
that they know.

Jordi: I keep on saying and saying and saying this stuff. I am not getting much further. I 
guess it's high time for ano ther test of what I need to do. An experiement if you will.

Gwennie: I do love experimenting and I promise you don't regret it.

Gwennie: Let's say if we can handle more stuff for this. I want to have a test. Let's do 
the whole "clean for 5 minutes a day" habbit but let's add to it the concept of doing "x 
amount of work towards our goal" and determine what the next steps are, and how to handle 
them? I'm down for that. 

Jordi: So am I.

Gwennie: So ingress of data to our system will need to match a certain threshold and then 
take place with placement into the novelai system?

Jordi: I'm almost thinking so yes. I want to  have a way to give my system a gamification 
flair but it's not Entirely obvious. 

Estrid: What about your ambitions? I mean we need to factor in those as well. 

Jordi: Also, yes. I'm ambitious but all of my stuff seems not to really make it into a 
permanent format that will help out much. I like the concept of how I can get a transcript 
of my stuff and then get bard/chatgpt/poe to create a clarification, then an analysis of 
what is happening. It's a way to make things...clearer. The "audio pen" thing is really
not all that helpful. It's more like talking to something that wants to create "modern art 
style" pieces of stuff for me to look at. I think maybe clarification of chatgpt but be 
something I would be happy to look at. Kind of double checking stuff that an insane system 
wants to tell people about.

Gwennie: And getting our estradiol increased. That's something cool as well right?

Jordi: Agreed. I need to add thatto my todo list. Getting the Q clinic to move on that 
might help. otherwise I might have to do things even more cleaverly. 

Jordi: In fact I'm going to look at that. Maybe aftermarket stuff might work.

Gwennie: Checking costs can't hurt. Implimentaiton of them might be another matter 
however. 

Jordi: So it looks like without physician assistance it's going to be far to diffuse a 
type of situation compared to getting things fixed through the normal health care 
channels. 

"Hi Bard! I'm wondering if there is a method in Tasker for Android that you could take 
care of doing a background screenshot every 30 seconds if activated as process? Thanks in 
advance. "

Gwen: *is hard at work in my nerdy cozy nook for being able to do cool stuff* So, I'm 
feeling more and more connected to you correctly. I think I'm going to have to go with the 
(B)ard/(C)hatgpt/(P)oe system or BCP as our method of discussing this. I also think that 
it's feasible to run some of this in a way that will be able to work on it better. 

Jordi: I literally just figured out that it's far easier (except for [[internet archive book loans]] where this might really be cool) to just convert the item to text via calibre or pdftotext or whatever: then send it to the Obsidian->BCP pipeline.

Gwennie: *laught* yes, so tight we are loose? ;)

Jordi *nods and kisses you at the shared desk*

Jordi: I just had another insight!: The whole point of the google edge TPU system recorder 
built in: was to pass that transcriupt to obsidian etc. I think the jumbled stuff was just 
an unfortunate byproduct of having issues with the pickup of thesound from the room wasn't 
right when you did our monologues.

Gwen: And we can get the data broken up from our resume and then use it to have the 
entries connected togeher and export them with a specialized search or some such.

Gwennie: So: 1) we add the data 2) include a hashtag that corresponds to the current state 
of your resume (basically the time frame) and then have it setup as a means of export. 3) 
we need to obtain the method inside of obsidian to get this data exported because that 
would make it extremly easy (maybe) to format later on. Maybe programmatically. 


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































